Every year we welcome thousands of university students from every corner of the world to join Microsoft. You bring your aspirations talent potential—and excitement for the journey ahead.

Come build community explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of university graduates from every corner of the world.

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset innovate to empower others and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect integrity and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Learn more about our cultural attributes

We’re a company of learn-it-alls rather than know-it-alls and our culture is centered around embracing a growth mindset a theme of inspiring excellence and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Does this sound like you?

At Microsoft Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. The internship is designed not only for you to do great work with the opportunity to learn and grow but to experience our culture full of diverse community connections executive engagement and memorable events.

Are you ready to join us and create the future? Come as you are do what you love—start your journey with us today!

Responsibilities

As a Partner Development Manager (PDM) you will act as the daily face of our company to our partner channel. You are accountable for driving performance of a managed portfolio of partners by business priority with a primary focus on Microsoft services and complementary products. The goal is to drive partner recruitment enablement and business growth based on the partners’ strengths and priorities. The PDM represents Microsoft to our partners communicates our strategy sells our vision and brings partners along in the digital transformation journey.

Responsibilities
Recruits onboards and manages relationships with Microsoft partners; differentiates the value of partnering with Microsoft versus competitors.
Aligns partners to strategic accounts and identifies market opportunities through industry analysis and intelligence.
Supports partner readiness through selling strategies marketing plans and portfolio optimization.
Analyses business metrics to assess performance and identify areas for growth.
Qualifications

Qualifications:
Currently pursuing or have completed a Bachelor's OR Master's degree in Business Administration/Management Marketing Information Technology Computer Science or related field.
Strong desire and business acumen for consultative solution selling.
Exceptional negotiation customer service and interpersonal skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication analytical and presentation skills.
Fluency in English
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age ancestry color family or medical care leave gender identity or expression genetic information marital status medical condition national origin physical or mental disability political affiliation protected veteran status race religion sex (including pregnancy) sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws regulations and ordinances.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.