Your career is about what you want to be and who you want to be. It’s about bringing your skills your curiosity and your best true self to your work.
Here you’ll match your ingenuity with the latest technology to make incredible things.

In Accenture Operations we rethink the way people work and businesses perform by harnessing the power of rich data for decision-making innovative technology and advanced machine intelligence.

In an era where people are critical to success join a team that prioritizes human ingenuity and fosters a workforce where technology elevates people (not the other way around) freeing them up for more creative thinking and exciting work.


Every day is a process of growth being responsible of:

Provide functional and technical support for resolution of the customer requests;
Manage order process from end to end: validation and updating tracking ensuring activation billing registration.


Skills that make your work successful:

You have advanced English Skills (B2);
Your mind is driven by initiative and innovation;
You have an interest in Telecommunications and / or Internet Service Provider Companies;
You have a minimum of 6 months of previous work experience in Customer Service;
You are proficient in MS Office (Excel Outlook Word PowerPoint);
You are determined to find the best results and solutions even when pressure and changes arise;
You understand market changes to drive industry-relevant solutions to customers building trust with stakeholders and bringing value in the process;
You have the mindset of a winner knowing that nothing can stop you from becoming greater and greater.


How we truly care:

Follow a journey of success. Learn innovate invest in yourself and take a step forward closer to your life goals.
Travel virtually around the globe working in a diverse and multicultural environment.
Benefit from health insurance and support from a mental health therapist to keep your life balanced.
Have fun while working participating in internal company events sports activities and community initiatives.
Save money doing the things you love and have access to different discounts on products and services.
If you love vacations joyful moments and volunteering (as we do) you have access to travel vouchers volunteering opportunities and lots of fun alongside the Accenture team.
Enjoy other personalized benefits packages including meal vouchers public transportation private pension life insurance gym and additional vacation days.

For us you are Truly Human. Join our Accenture Team and get along in a lifetime journey!