At ING we value and support our employees before recruiting external talent. If you think this vacancy is the right next step in your ING career we’d encourage you to apply. Should you have questions about the vacancy or need to hear more before you feel you can apply. Please do not hesitate to reach out to the responsible recruiter.

Mission

You’ll be part of a cool team in Bucharest where each colleague contributes not only to improving the company's products but also to creating a better place for themselves and those around them.
Corporate Communication has a bold goal: delivering the best client & employee experience while adapting Agile best practices to its own way of working. So being flexible during this is key.
We are looking for an enthusiastic intern to give us a hand get involved and provide creative ideas and ways to make them happen to help achieve our goals. You will work closely with Internal and External Communications and Social Media teams while collaborating with our Marketing HR Business Teams and other key stakeholders.
This internship will help you acquire communications & event organization skills and provide you with knowledge related to the corporate working environment and financial industry. Very importantly you will have the chance to work with very smart and passionate people who will mentor and prepare you to enter any fast paced work environment.

Your day-to-day
Apart from learning new things serving one of the coolest brand in Romania and meeting the nicest people we will rely on your help with:
Supporting the development and execution of communication deliverables while managing timelines and working with relevant suppliers;
Assist with updating the company intranet and managing editorial calendar
Internal Comms – helping us drive some really engaging employee projects related to our business clients and Life@ING initiatives;
Support the team at live events taking place in the headquarter office or external locations;
Contribute to creating some cool materials for some of our current campaigns (i.e. for channels like intranet newsletters TV screens).
And of course there are plenty of other projects that we can involve you based on our needs and your preferences/experience.

What you bring to the team
Student or recent graduate of a Bachelor or Master program;
Relevant communications or marketing experience (including other internships students association volunteering in events organizing etc.) for up to two years
Advanced communication skills both written and oral;
Very good English skills (verbal and written) are essential;
Excellent knowledge of MS Office (Excel and PowerPoint);
Previous exposure to a foreign culture - i.e. living working or studying abroad are a plus;
Curious and a good listener;
Willing to learn and not afraid to roll up your sleeves when needed;
Team player who enjoys collaborating and working on big challenges;
Proactive responsible and with sense of humor;
Organized stickler for accuracy and sociable;
Passionate about communication and events organization;