With a startup spirit and 90000+ curious and courageous minds we have the expertise to go deep with the world’s biggest brands—and we have fun doing it. Now we’re calling all you rule-breakers and risk-takers who see the world differently and are bold enough to reinvent it. Come transform with us.

Inviting applications for the role of Content Moderator with English


Your responsibilities:
Review and moderate the platform by following the policies processes and guidelines
Review and investigate 3D visual graphic audio and text content for violation of policies and guidelines. (for example – slurs cuss words adult content etc.)
Review the reported content within agreed turnaround times and standards of quality
Display a strong bias to doing what’s right for our client’s community in supporting the client’s mission to investigate and resolve issues that are reported
Make well balanced decisions and personally driven
Use market specific knowledge signals and insights to spot and scope scalable solutions to improve the support of our client’s community of gamers

Our requirements:
Very good knowledge(min. B2) of English .
Past content moderation / Trust and Safety experience (as an advantage)
Gaming experience
Culturally aware of the regional trends
Excellent communication skills
Strong observational skills with attention to detail

What can we offer?
• Attractive salary
• Stable job offers - employment contract
• Work in a multicultural and diverse environment with employees from over 30 countries
• Genpact supports professional trainings and great career development opportunities
• Free access to our award-winning learning platform
• Benefits such as Insurance Luxmed Multisport Lunchpass Card additional vacation days biking policy

Genpact is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race color religion or belief sex age national origin citizenship status marital status military/veteran status genetic information sexual orientation gender identity physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. Genpact is committed to building a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion respect and integrity customer focus and innovation. For more information visit www.genpact.com. Follow us on Twitter Facebook LinkedIn and YouTube.