Driving Infinite Possibilities Within A Diversified Global Organization

The future is what we make it.

When you join Honeywell you become a member of our global team of thinkers innovators dreamers and doers who make the things that make the future. That means changing the way we fly fueling jets in an eco-friendly way keeping buildings smart and safe and even making it possible to breathe on Mars.

Working at Honeywell isn’t just about developing cool things. That’s why all our employees enjoy access to dynamic career opportunities across different fields and industries.

Are you ready to help us make the future?

We have an opportunity for an Intern (Master's) HR to join our Safety and Productivity Solutions team in Bucharest. In this role you’ll provide HR support while partnering with cross-functional teams and leaders. You will utilize your HR functional expertise to support critical human resources objectives.

Human Resources Internship (12 Months Contract) Responsibilities
Administrative support;
Lead and Execute projects impacting multiple countries scope;
Employee engagement activities;
Data analytics and deep dive to understand what are the main triggers;
Support organizational effectiveness;
Support and drive change;
Coordinate talent activities;
Build relationships and broker services;
Lead training and development.
Qualifications
Master's degree completed or to be started (Business field: Business HR Management or other HR related disciplines);
Availability to work for 12 months full time;
Working rights in country of hire;
Strong data analytics and tech savvy with data systems and tools Industrial (knowledge of SharePoint Microsoft 365);
Some Human Resources experience.
We Offer
Medical plan provided by Omniasig;
Budget for flexible benefit scheme which can be used for travel sports dental scheme and others;
Transportation budget and fuel cards;
Business Travel Accident Insurance;
Voluntary defined contributory pension plan;
Meal allowance;
Paid vacation and time off Honeywell employees are provided Christmas and Children vouchers as well different family aids.
If this is your dream role then we'd love to hear from you.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race religion color national origin gender sexual orientation age marital status veteran status or disability status.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process to perform crucial job functions and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.

Additional Information
JOB ID: req378302
Category: Human Resources
Location: 3 George ConstantinescuUpground building 5th floor (entrance A) District 2BucharestBUCURESTI020339Romania
Nonexempt
Human Resources (CORPORATE HR)