Do you have a brief description of this position you would like us to fill? Siemens provides security building blocks and blueprint architectures for all Siemens business units in order to facilitate faster and better product development. We test and assess products & solutions analyze review and write code develop security measures and optimize their implementation.

What does the future looks like? What can we expect there? We do not know exactly. But we are doing everything we can to make tomorrow's world a little better a lot smarter and more secure. To do this we need new insight providers and initiators who will decide what next steps we can take. Real pioneers who initiate innovative projects in research and development and show unusual solutions. This is crucial for digitalization!

Company Description

With 120 years of presence in Romania Siemens is a global technology powerhouse that owns innovative solutions in the areas of electrification automation and digitalization.

Software and R&D play a crucial role at Siemens. The Technology division in Brasov Cluj-Napoca and Bucharest are the competence center for research software development as well as IT and engineering which makes the company a major leader in vertical IT technologies. For more information about Siemens please visit www.siemens.ro and www.siemens.com/innovation.

If you are passionate about some of the technologies listed below you are in the right place!

The role that you will play:

In your new role as a junior research scientist in embedded security you design security platforms and architectures for embedded systems and conduct applied research to develop new technology
You apply R&D results in projects with Siemens business units and develop pilots for proof-of-concept purposes
You collaborate with national and international partners both internally and at universities and research institutions
You actively share your know-how within our team

What do I need to qualify for this job?

You have successfully completed a masters degree in cyber security computer science electrical engineering mathematics or physics
Besides you have a good understanding of state-of the-art cyber security concepts and extensive knowledge in network or industrial security
Your knowledge of cryptographic methods and their application makes you stand out
Expertise in industrial communication protocols supply-chain security or artificial intelligence for security is a plus
You distinguish yourself by an innovative mindset openness to address new topics very good communication skills with a high degree of personal initiative and a team-player mindset
Your English and preferably German language skills are ﬂuent

Make your mark in our exciting world as Siemens!

Diversity at Siemens is our source of creativity and innovation. Having different types of talent and experiences makes us more results-oriented and better prepared to respond efficient to the demands of the Society. Therefore we value the candidates that reflect the Diversity that we enjoy in our Company.

At Siemens we are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. We need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds.

Organization: Technology

Company: Siemens S.R.L.

Experience Level: Experienced Professional

Full / Part time: Full-time