We’re looking for people with the skills and vision to build a better tomorrow. Join our Digital Industries Division as a Key Account Manager and help us re-imagine the world by finding solutions and making the world a smarter place for tomorrow.

The position is based in one of our offices in North-West Romania however you will be able to also work remotely. Your role will be to bring value in strategic automotive accounts as well as exploring new and current technologies and services for business benefit.

It’s incredibly important that our people enjoy working here and therefore we take great pride in having a friendly helpful and engaging culture. We also appreciate that development and training is important to many and that’s why we have a supportive environment which invests in our employee’s development.

The Automotive Key Account Manager is responsible for demand creation for Siemens products and services in the automotive production industry (end-customers) as well as for automotive line- and machine builders (direct customers) Success is measured by consumption of Siemens products and services in automotive ecosystem and the driving of end user specification into the wider global OEM and integrator market.

You will be responsible for successfully developing assigned solutions within the portfolio ensuring that the offering is completed in accordance with organizational processes timeline and go to market targets. You will lead and drive the relationship within the buying and the selling team and ensure alignment with overall business strategy and objectives.

This is a role well-suited to an ambitious professional looking for a broader key account management experience within diverse teams and enhanced product families as the next step in their career.

This is your role. What part will you play?

A strong focus on the automotive industry and its associated supply chain will be a major responsibility of the role. The candidate will be required to provide marketing advice/leadership to operational units for overall market effectiveness.

Co-Development of account business plans to support market share objectives.
Aligns/applies entire scope of Siemens products solutions and services to meet Industry Segment and customer's business goals.
Expedites and escalates key customer complaints/problems as is required to obtain satisfactory and timely resolution.
Improving sales volume/market share through direct actions with nominated automotive accounts in the North-West of Romania and the supply chain.
Collaboration with relevant Business Units is essential to ensure opportunity management and project transparency and support.
Aligning with the Global Account Management Team and adapting the global strategy to local strategy.
Creating transparency of dedicated accounts in CRM tool

Use your skills to move the world forward!

Excellent communication skills and previous sales experience are essential.
Ability to prioritise and manage your own time effectively to achieve targets.
A strong ability to plan and implement the overall Vertical Management (VM) Automotive strategies and initiatives and where necessary coordinate with our applications team and Vertical Management team in Austria.
Since we are working in an international environment you need to have very good English skills and also some basic German skills.

We’ve got quite a lot to offer. How about you?

We celebrate the fact that our employees are individuals and have different wants and needs. We offer an excellent company share scheme and employee discounts to name a few. We encourage the opportunity to discuss flexibility requirements with our applicants to encourage agile and remote working.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race religion color national origin sex gender gender expression sexual orientation age marital status veteran status or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process to perform essential job functions and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Organization: Digital Industries

Company: Siemens S.R.L.

Experience Level: Experienced Professional

Full / Part time: Full-time