Location
Cluj – Napoca
Work time: 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.

About Otava
We are exceptional people delivering exceptional experiences. Otava provides secure compliant hybrid cloud solutions for service providers channel partners and enterprise clients. By actively aggregating best-of-breed cloud companies and investing in people tools and processes Otava’s global footprint continues to expand. The company provides its customers with a clear path to transformation through its highly effective solutions and broad portfolio of hybrid cloud data protection disaster recovery security and colocation services all championed by its exceptional support team.

About the Position

Are you in an early step in your career stage?
We are currently seeking a talented outstanding passionate and motivated Junior Cloud Specialist for a full-time position to join our Cluj – Napoca Otava team. Learn more at www.otava.com

Role responsibilities

Perform searches and analysis within the auditing system for checking systems updates
Conduct monitoring activities on the Network Operations Center
Develop and maintain technical documentation
Analyze cases and when appropriate provide solutions following the established SoP
Understand system administration for Windows and Linux including security concepts patching upgrading and provisioning
Work independently with minimal guidance and be highly self-motivated and directed.
The role requires keen attention to detail with proven analytical and problem-solving abilities.

Required skills

Proficient English level both written and spoken
Demonstrated ability to work calmly and well under pressure and within short time constraints
BS degree in Computer Science Information Systems or a closely related field required (any equivalent combination of education training and experience which would provide the required knowledge and skills may be considered).
Excellent problem-solving skills finding efficiency opportunities
The candidate for this position has a basic understanding of:
System Administration Windows/Linux basic knowledge
Basic understanding of Networking Operating systems functionality and options
Experience with Microsoft Office Suite
Basic understanding of DR concepts and backup functionality


Skills:
Customer/Communication skills required for advancement
Passionate about automation works and building workarounds
VMWare Firewalls functionality exposure
Excellent communication and troubleshooting skills over the phone e-mail ticketing systems and documentation
What we offer:
A great work environment where you will have high touch on what gets created
Competitive compensation and benefits package
Otava will offer a professional training period covering:
Next-generation cloud and automation
Infrastructure design concepts
VMware Veeam Virtualization DRaaS ( Zerto)
Networking

Sound like you? Come join us!

Our culture is awesome (really!) and your win-win attitude is critical