Job Description Summary Responsible for testing a feature and or a small feature set with ability to work independently break down problems and estimate time for quality related tasks.

Job Description

In This Role You Will
Design (FAT / SAT test) and test strategy/plans on products in the Smallworld product portfolio.
Record and document results and compare to expected results.
Detect software failures so that defects may be discovered and corrected.
Generate historical analysis of test results.
Document anomalies and issues and maintain database of software defects.
Operate and maintain test systems and networks.
De ve lop   and   document   application   test   plans   based   on   software   requirements   and   technical specifications.
Attend Project Defect Review Meetings
Liaise with Project Manager and Technical Lead on Testing Progress and Summary Results
Create meaningful error handling procedures for system and applications.
Ensure compliance with general programming and integration best practices
Perform system security audits.
Experience with test tools (QTest TestLink  T-map …)
Experience with geo-spatial applications
Preferred domian knowledge: Telco Electrical distribution/transmission Gas distribution/transmission

Basic Qualifications
At least 2 years of experience in systems testing.
Knowledge of all aspects of the software engineering process - mandatory
Experience in a wide variety of testing efforts techniques and tools - mandatory
Knowledge of the domain system or application-under-test - important
Experience in system integration and programming – important

Eligibility Requirements
Must be willing to travel 20 %

Desired Characteristics
Experience with Utilities and/or Telecoms asset management systems
Demonstrated ability to learn
E xperience with Web and GIS Technologies
Experience working with global teams / partners .
Strong oral and written communications skills (English) .
Initiative and self-confidence.




Additional Information

Relocation Assistance Provided: No