Your first career steps are crucial. Finding a role where you to grow learn and make a difference are key elements for a successful start. But when you find a role that brings together these elements with your passion this is truly exceptional. We are looking for someone with this motivation to join us as a communication working student in Bucharest.

The Communication function at Infineon Romania has the role of connecting people inside and outside the company. We do this by showcasing our passion for technology our natural curiosity and telling the stories of our teams or the growth perspectives we offer.

As a working student you will grow as a communication specialist. You will provide support in areas ranging from internal communication and employer branding to student activities. Working closely with our global communication team you will have the chance to learn from highly experienced colleagues. You will work part-time earn a salary and still have time for your studies.

In this role you will:

Support the creation of internal communication materials such as newsletters info screens emails prints or presentations;
Propose new ideas for future communication materials within the corporate guidelines;
Support in organizing events and CSR activities;
Support in creating new interactive and interesting ways to tell our story through graphics or video content;
Learn to think strategically about how to formulate a consistent and specific message;
Learn how to organize your work efficiently.

Endowed with a creative mindset you strive to learn and fine-tune your skills. You have good communication skills the ability to search for solutions learn and adapt to a changing environment.

We believe you will be a great fit for this role if you:

Are at least in your second year of a degree in Communication Marketing Advertising Graphics Design Journalism or related field;
Are proficient in MS Office programs (especially Word Excel PowerPoint and Outlook);
Understand how to get the right message across and engage an audience;
Have experience with content creation (e.g. video graphics or photography) as part of university or personal projects;
Enjoy interacting with others working as part of a team and building relationships;
Have an affinity for technology;
Are fluent in English (B2 level or better).

Let us know why you would be a great fit for this position: send us your CV in English and any outputs of projects campaigns or volunteering activities you have been involved in. If you have a portfolio please include it in your application.

Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.

Infineon is a world leader in semiconductor solutions that make life easier safer and greener. Our solutions for efficient energy management smart mobility and secure seamless communications link the real and the digital world.

– Infineon Romania develops semiconductor based products in the automotive industrial and data security fields –

At our R&D center in Bucharest we develop and test semiconductors integrated sensors and digital security solutions that will improve many applications used in your day-to-day life.

Here you will find a stimulating environment and meet ambitious people that are very focused and fully committed to better the world.

The term gender in the sense of the General Equal Treatment Act (GETA) or other national legislation refers to the biological assignment to a gender group. At Infineon we are proud to embrace (gender) diversity including female male and diverse.