Providing excellent customer service is a key priority for Diversey in maintaining global business relationships.
To continue our drive for excellence we are looking for a talented individual to join our CS Back Office Team. The CS Back Office is a European organization which will establish the value added gatekeeping for ensuring the EPC defined pricing related rules and policies are established and executed.
The position will be based in Bucharest Romania with the possibility of remote work and in the future in a hybrid model.


Why our team enjoy working here:
We offer sociable working hours with no weekend or evening shifts
It's not a simple copy-paste work we need a person who will evaluate the data
The most important thing is quality of our work


What you’ll be doing:
Executing changes to SAP in accordance with guidelines
Create and/or update customer master data & pricing data on the transactional systems
Dealing with Mass data changes
Running control reports to ensure that all changes to SAP are compliant including anything that has been manually priced
Create the contracts in SAP (ABP Leasing and TCS Service contracts)
Run the price control reports and audit reporting


Who we’re looking for:
We’re looking for someone who loves to deliver excellent customer service build relationships and feels comfortable to suggest and advise internal colleagues on correct sales/pricing policies and is eager to learn. We are looking for someone who loves to understand the bigger picture as master data is the basis for all other processes which are impacting our service to the customers. You’ll need to be comfortable collaborating with other internal teams to find and suggest alternative solutions to how customer contracts can be managed in our ERP system. And you should be open minded for suggestions support to improve our processes and managing the changes.


The ideal person will have:
Intermediate / advanced level of SAP in Master Data Pricing and Deal Management tool
It's good to have Intermediate Excel skills
English at the communicative level
Ability to numerate with high attention to detail methodical ability to copy with large amounts of data
Experience in managing Customer contract / converting them into SAP master data
Passion for service able to deliver
Ability to co-ordinate multiple activities
Excellent administration/organization skills and prioritization of workload
Excellent communication skills - verbal and written
High levels of drive/motivation and initiative
Ability and love for teamwork


What you’ll get when you join:
A clear career path
A competitive salary with annual bonus and holiday allowances
You’ll join an international environment where our team can truly be themselves
You’ll be working in a comfortable environment without the need to wear a headset all day


How to apply
Easy! Just click on the apply now button upload your resume and tell us something about an achievement you are proud of. Looking forward to your application!
After your application if we think you could be the perfect candidate we would like to invite you for an initial Google Meet call with our recruitment business partner. If both of us are still enthusiastic we will move to the 1st round of interviews with the Hiring Manager. For this role it is possible there will be a 2nd interview round with one more conversation.