At Arcadis we focus on attracting retaining and developing people who share our passion and commitment to improve quality of life. In return we offer you the opportunity to transform your world and the world around you that could be through client work upskilling yourself championing equality and inclusion or getting involved in charity work to name just a few. Our people value different perspectives they care about the sustainability of our planet and dare to shape the future.

One of our core values is ‘people first’ and supported by our Lovinklaan foundation we invest in you for the long term to ensure you reach your full potential. You’ll have the opportunity to own your career and work on industry-defining projects finding solutions to real challenges that make a difference to people’s lives. You’re encouraged to have a growth mindset and are given the space to develop personally and professionally building a flexible career that works for you.

Role description:

You will join our global Structural Engineering team where our projects and development opportunities can fit various ambitions from 3D modeling and parametric design to Operate & Maintain digital methods. The delivery is secured through global collaboration platforms like BIM360 which allows engineers across various offices to work together seamlessly while maintaining clear visibility for our clients.

Role accountabilities:
Working on multinational projects following European standards;
Developing projects (from concept to execution files) meeting the client’s specific requirements;
Preparation of conceptual and outline designs for structural schemes;
Detailing formwork and reinforcement plans;
Occasional visits for training or projects in Arcadis offices from Europe.

Qualifications & Experience:

Mandatory:
Bachelor’s Degree in Structural Engineering;
Technical knowledge (steel concrete detailing);
Three-dimensional conceptual skills;
Good English skills.

Nice to have:
Knowledge of Sofistik Reinforcement Detailing;
Ability to multitask and meet deadlines for multiple assignments;
Good knowledge of Revit and reinforcement in Revit.

Key attributes:
Professional approach to time costs and deadlines;
Great interpersonal skills (teamwork supportive attitude eager to learn proactivity).

Why Become an Arcadian?

Our work with clients has a direct impact on people’s lives and on the planet. We make moving living and belonging in cities safer more resilient and more sustainable. By partnering with our clients as responsible custodians of our earth's resources we can create a sustainable planet.

We continue to think of new ways to make positive impacts and create better experiences for people; data driven and digital solutions have become part of the Arcadis DNA. Working together with clients and using techniques like design thinking we can get to the heart of our clients’ most pressing challenges and work together to solve them.

As a global business we have committed to support five of the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals to ensure that our projects contribute to a better and more sustainable future for all. But it’s not just the work that we do on client projects that benefits communities and our planet. As a global business we are committed to making a positive impact to society by supporting local communities where we operate.

To help protect our planet we monitor and measure non-financial information to inform business decisions and reduce our own environmental impact as part of our commitment to be net zero carbon as a global company by 2030.

Our Commitment to Equality Diversity Inclusion & Belonging

We want you to be able to bring your best self to work every day which is why we take equality and inclusion seriously and hold ourselves to account for our actions. Our ambition is to be an employer of choice and provide a great place to work for all our people.

Transform Your World