Do you have very good agronomic knowledge and proven expertise in variety testing for major agricultural crops and/or plant protection products? If yes, then we are waiting for you in the KWS Semințe S.R.L team as a Product Management & Agroservice Representative (m/f/d) for the eastern part of Romania.

In this position you will support the organization with your technical knowledge and be responsible for portfolio development by coordinating and analyzing field experiences developed in the assigned area you will provide technical support to the KWS team and liaise with our key farmers and distributors.

An unlimited full-time co-contract is offered for this position.

Responsibilities:

Providing technical data for the local sales team through technical training products and knowledge transfer technologies and initiatives
Supporting sales representatives with technical information including internal training on our portfolio, our future products and culture technologies
Develop and demonstrate the features of advantages and benefits for all company products and/or technologies
Propose the local adaptation of the portfolio/technologies/services to the direct manager
Establish and develop relationships with influential local third parties (academia, agricultural research institutions) to transfer knowledge and facilitate product and technology development.
Responsible for the execution of field experiences
In order to advance product positioning and characterization
For other agronomic purposes (including the digital platform)
Responsible for data collection and timely submission to direct manager (SID TeamSpace Annual Report)

Candidate profile:

University degree in agronomy
Postgraduate studies are an advantage
Fluency in Romanian and English
At least 3 years of experience in a similar position as a technical studies coordinator
Experience in the transfer of knowledge adapted to audience categories
Very good agronomic knowledge
Experience in field testing seed varieties and/or plant protection products
Experience in evaluating and positioning products in relation to the company's financial interests, customer needs, market reality, sales capacity, portfolio development
Communication managing and interpreting data and information adaptability teamwork building relationships leadership high stress tolerance
Sales and/or marketing experience is a plus

Our benefits - Sowing the future starts with KWS:

As a family company, we are guided by the values ​​of closeness, reliability, foresight and independence - this culture is translated into practice by creating an open and friendly working atmosphere. Compliance with ethical principles is an absolute priority for us.
True to our motto "Make yourself grow!" we promote the professional and personal development of our employees.
You will be part of a great team and work closely with the sales and marketing departments. Through your contribution you will shape the future of the company.
Finally, this position includes an attractive salary package, medical insurance and a company car.

Develop as a Product Management & Agroservice Representative (m/f/d) for the eastern part of Romania and be part of our success story!

Have I piqued your interest? Then send your application (cover letter curriculum vitae relevant certificates) via our online system!