Company Overview
GEP is a diverse creative team of people passionate about procurement. We invest ourselves entirely in our client’s success creating strong collaborative relationships that deliver extraordinary value year after year. Our clients include market global leaders with far-flung international operations Fortune 500 and Global 2000 enterprises leading government and public institutions.
We deliver practical effective services and software that enable procurement leaders to maximise their impact on business operations strategy and financial performance. That’s just some of the things that we do in our quest to build a beautiful company enjoy the journey and make a difference. GEP is a place where individuality is prized and talent respected. We’re focused on what is real and effective. GEP is where good ideas and great people are recognized results matter and ability and hard work drive achievements. We’re a learning organization actively looking for people to help shape grow and continually improve us.
Are you one of us?
GEP is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race ethnicity color national origin religion sex disability status or any other characteristics protected by law. We are committed to hiring and valuing a global diverse work team.
For more information please visit us on GEP.com or check us out on LinkedIn.com.
What You Will Do
Review purchase requisitions and create POs in line with the standard operating procedures
Update the Vendor Master Records/Updates/New Vendor Setup in system
Follow up with vendors via email/phone to get Purchase Order Acknowledgements
Follow up with vendors via email/phone to ensure goods are delivered on-time
Co-ordinate with client sites and vendors for purchase order related issue resolution
What You Should Bring
Fluent English and at least B1 level of German
Strong communication skills
Basic knowledge of MS-Office suite
Team player high motivation positive can-do attitude flexibility
No specific educational background or diploma needed