Description:

Talent Aquisition Group

Requirements:

2+ years of experience in active recruiting
Experience within IT industry (preferably software development) and IT market intelligence is a plus
Knowledge of complete recruiting cycle and processes
High level of sourcing and interviewing skills
Advanced English (spoken and business writing)
Experience building partnership relationships with candidates
Presentation skills excellent communication and persuasion skills
Drive flexibility and sense of humor

Job Responsibilities:

Conduct the full-cycle recruitment and selection process
Supporting recruitment projects
Searching for candidates
Conducting telephone interviews to further explore skills suitability for the position
Conducting HR interviews writing feedbacks
Coordinating and organization of technical and customer interviews
Coordinating testing when necessary for candidates
Collecting inputting and reporting recruitment data and metrics
Preparing offer letters for new hires
Coordinating new hire details with supporting internal administrator
Provide newcomers induction conduct adaptation conduct exit interviews
Obligatory work results reporting

What We Offer

Exciting Projects: With clients across all industries and sectors we offer an opportunity to work on market-defining products using the latest technologies.

Collaborative Environment: You can expand your skills by collaborating with a diverse team of highly talented people in an open laidback environment — or even abroad in one of our global centers or client facilities!

Work-Life Balance:GlobalLogic prioritizes work-life balance which is why we offer flexible work schedules.

Professional Development:We develop paths suited to your individual talents through international knowledge exchanges and professional certification opportunities.

Excellent Benefits: We provide our employees with private medical care sports facilities cards group life insurance travel insurance relocation package food subsidies and cultural activities.

Fun Perks:We want you to feel comfortable in your work which is why we create good working environment with relax zones host social and teambuilding activities and stock our kitchen with delicious teas and coffees!

About GlobalLogic GlobalLogic is a leader in digital engineering. We help brands across the globe design and build innovative products platforms and digital experiences for the modern world. By integrating experience design complex engineering and data expertise—we help our clients imagine what’s possible and accelerate their transition into tomorrow’s digital businesses. Headquartered in Silicon Valley GlobalLogic operates design studios and engineering centers around the world extending our deep expertise to customers in the automotive communications financial services healthcare and life sciences manufacturing media and entertainment semiconductor and technology industries. GlobalLogic is a Hitachi Group Company operating under Hitachi Ltd. (TSE: 6501) which contributes to a sustainable society with a higher quality of life by driving innovation through data and technology as the Social Innovation Business.