The Administrative Assistant will support all departments in managing administrative tasks related to the insurance portfolio including documentation accuracy KYC screening communication with partners and clients.


DAY TO DAY TASKS – MAIN DUTIES

Support in managing documents: printing scanning and archiving policies invoices and other documents requested by the client / broker;
Check the accuracy of the received documents;
Communicate effectively and efficiently with relevant internal and external parties to obtain documents;
Responsible for the customer screening process and obtaining information in the central trade register;
Maintain correspondence with insurance brokers regarding insurance policies;
Monthly reports (Receivables report and Broker Commissions report);
Collaborating with all internal departments.

REQUIREMENTS

Excellent communication skills;
Analytical skills;
Excellent knowledge of English both written and oral;
Proficient in Microsoft Office suite;
Ability to work independently;
Well-organized and detail oriented.

COLONNADE VISION

We believe in fairness and simplicity in all our relationships this is how we do business!
We deliver transparent products and fast claims service that address the challenges of the
changing world around us!”

COLONNADE VALUES

• Honesty and integrity are essential in all our relationships and will never be
compromised.
• We are results oriented – not political.
• We are team players – no “egos”. A confrontational style is not appropriate. We value
loyalty – to Fairfax and our colleagues.
• We are hardworking but not at the expense of our families.
• We always look at opportunities but emphasize downside protection and look for ways
to minimize loss of capital.
• We are entrepreneurial. We encourage calculated risk taking. It is all right to fail but
we should learn from our mistakes.
• We will never bet the company on any project or acquisition.
• We believe in having fun – at work!