SIMEA Sibiu is specialized in the production of electrical and electronic parts and components cable manufacturing metal processing electrical motors and components production. As a member of the Siemens Corporation SIMEA Sibiu takes advantage of cooperation with various divisions to ensure top quality innovative solutions and competitive prices on an international level.

neer Testing and Measuring TechnologyTesting and Measuring Technology

Software Developer

The role that you will play:

Gathering requirements creating specifications and code developing. Code designing and writing to support existing applications.
Resolving issues during the test and preparation phase until the product is active and subsequently during maintenance.
Independent design planning and realization of software components related to industrial applications
Integration/realization/commissioning of industrial system interfaces
Working in Agile team environment

What we would like from your side:

Experience in using object-oriented programming languages
We have a demand for support in applications written in C#.NET Java or even Python
Data base knowledge is considered a plus
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate with multiple stakeholders.
Be able to work in a dynamic environment and to successfully be part in multiple projects simultaneously and to manage priorities to meet deadlines and to work under pressure.
Good analytical skills; result-oriented quality-conscious and a structured and systematic approach to the work.
Educational background as a systems developer IT programmer software engineer or similar
Language knowledge: proficient in English

Make your mark in our exciting world as Siemens!

Diversity at Siemens is our source of creativity and innovation. Having different types of talent and experiences makes us more results-oriented and better prepared to respond efficient to the demands of the Society. Therefore we value the candidates that reflect the Diversity that we enjoy in our Company.

At Siemens we are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. We need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds

Organization: Digital Industries

Company: SIMEA SIBIU S.R.L.

Experience Level: Experienced Professional

Full / Part time: Full-time