Data Scientist

What You Will Be Doing:
The Data Science team is looking for an emerging quantitative professional to join our team. You will be responsible for establishing relationships with business partners and executives in addressing complex problems and new business opportunities using data science techniques; developing predictive and prescriptive analytical solutions.
Although your work will be highly technical we are looking for someone with great communication skills and business acumen to lead the design of our analytical models to ensure these are best suited to support our digital transformation.
You will collaborate with data engineers business subject matter experts process engineers and functional leadership to establish a contextual understanding of our analytical solutions.
You should feel comfortable having highly technical conversations but also being able to translate those into what it means for our business processes.

Who You Are:
Provide leadership to effectively communicate results of analytical solutions using visual storytelling to a broad audience including business partners and executive leadership.
Ability to Conceive Design Develop and Deliver as an internal business consultant applying data science predictive and/or prescriptive analytics to solve critical business problems.
Ability to identify emerging patterns that can be found through the analysis of big data unstructured data and data from multiple internal and external sources.
Ability to translate business problems into data problems and develop data science statistical and mathematical solutions providing contextual insight to enhance and improve business decision-making.
Ability to manage projects with strong technical and data-driven components.
Use both quantitative and qualitative data sources to successfully generate results.
Able to overcome obstacles to achieve results.
Ability to work both independently and as part of an analytical project team to accomplish the objectives of our business partners.
Highly motivated self-starter with the ability to assimilate business concepts into tangible actions. Comfortable dealing with uncertainty and ambiguity.
Strong business acumen.
Strong communication skills.

Preferred Skills and Competencies
Advanced degree in Statistics Mathematics Data Science Predictive Analytics Engineering Economics Operations Research or similar technical field is highly preferred.
Experience in development and/or application of statistical analyses forecasting predictive and prescriptive modeling techniques.
Knowledge of visualization platforms (e.g. Tableau Microstrategy PowerBI) and applied use in visual storytelling is preferred.
Experience with at least one open-source programming languages (Python R) is required.
Experience in Business Consulting or Strategy is preferred.
General knowledge of business functions operating models and applied business analytics experience is preferred.

Benefits:

At Steelcase we care about our employees and we want to recognize their effort through a significant package of benefits which includes fixed and flexible benefits (16.175 RON gross per employee/year).

Flexible benefits budget that can be spent on any of the following options:
Reimbursement of your outside country vacation up to 4.500 RON/year and vacation vouchers for Internal tourism
Trainings and accreditation in accordance with your job description
Reimbursement for public transportation or fuel
Work from Home financial support (160 RON/month)
Meal tickets
Private pension
Gift vouchers for special events according to the legislation: Christmas Easter 8th March 1st of June
Culture vouchers (for bookshops theaters cinemas festivals concerts etc.)
Sports discounts for gyms spa & relax sport equipment and articles... and others

Fixed benefits:
25-30 days of annual leave (depending on your seniority)
Healthcare Subscription at Regina Maria: Expert Complete package
Private Life Insurance with coverage for temporary work incapacity and critical illness up to 90000 RON
Private Health Insurance with coverage for hospitalization and surgery costs up to 8000 RON/year
Financial support for special life events
Work anniversary and birthday kits
Learning & Development opportunities via Udemy EdX internal trainings etc.
Office perks: fruits & goodies in the office & well-being initiatives
A hybrid model of work and flexible program

Why People Choose to Work with Us:

At Steelcase we put people at the center of everything we do. We understand the role of work and believe that it can bring meaning and purpose to the lives of our customers and our employees. We prioritize supporting our employees both in and out of work in all aspects of their lives. When we bring our talents together we make a positive lasting impact through our work and communities.

Who We Are:

Organizations around the world trust Steelcase to help them create places that help people work better be inspired and accomplish more.
We design manufacture and partner with other leading organizations to provide architecture furniture and technology solutions- accessible through a network of channels including over 800 Steelcase dealer locations. Steelcase is a global industry-leading publicly-traded company with fiscal year 2021 revenue of $2.6 billion.

What Matters to Us:

More than qualifications we’re looking for talent and potential. We are proud to have a diverse and inclusive workforce and we're always looking to improve our global community. We value applicants who are comfortable interacting with people different from themselves building mutual respect and positive relationships. We invite people from all backgrounds and genders to apply. If we can make the application process easier through accommodation please email us at myhr@steelcase.com.

Steelcase provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race color creed genetic information religion national origin gender sexual orientation gender identity and expression age disability or veteran status and bases all employment decisions only on valid job requirements. We are proud to be recognized for our inclusive workforce by the Corporate Equality Index for the past nine years.

If you’re interested in Steelcase but this isn’t the right time or role join our Talent Community to be updated on future openings in your area(s) of expertise: https://careers.steelcase.com/talentcommunity