We are more than 5000 people at BCR and each and every one of us is different. We like to believe that our diversity of ideas attitudes passions feelings and origins make our culture more beautiful and our jobs more meaningful!

We are looking for a new Automatization Operations Administrator (RPA) to make our team even stronger!
If you would like to understand how a complex technical infrastructure of a company works and also to solve any ad-hoc issues related to it and also make sure that the entire architecture is fully operational then the role of Automatization Operations Administrator is what you`re looking for!

Your responsabilities:
You shall monitor the conditions required for automatizing our processess (hardware & software infrastructure user access etc.);
You shall offer support for the setup of IT environments meaning that you shall help with the installation and testing of the software;
You shall schedule and utilize the RPA processess and also investigate any potential issues that might occur in the live system;
You shall administrate and also allocate the work capacity of our implemented robots;
You will offer assistance to the internal clients of the implemented processess when certain bugs arise regarding the functionalities of the robots;

Your required skills and background:
University studies with a technical or economical background;
1 year of required experience ins the area of IT automatization (RPA - Ui-Path platform);
Knowledge regarding project management & reporting;
Knowledge regarding IT capacity management & good time management skills;
Advance spoken & written skills for the english language would be a great plus.

What we offer:
The opportunity to develop yourself in one of the most important banking institutions from Central and Eastern Europe;
Flexible working schedule and work from home policy;
Accessible & modern head offices in Grozavesti Area (For the time being due to Covid-19 situation most of us work from home);
Private medical insurance;
Up to 27 vacation days depending on your years of experience;
Days off for unexpected events;
Free day on your birthday;
Banking and private pension benefits;
Flexible benefit plan through Benefit online platform.


Your personal data is processed by BCR according with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation. We perform data processing activities necessary for the conclusion of the employment contract on the legal obligation and legitimate interest. The recruitment process does not involve automated profiling or decision-making processes.

You have the following rights: right to be informed right of access right to rectification right to erasure right to restrict processing right to data portability right to object not being subject of an automated individual decision and to appeal to ANSPDCP or the competent courts in case you consider it necessary. For more details please access https://www.bcr.ro/ro/cariere/informare-candidati.