Computas is a Norwegian provider of IT solutions and consulting services in technological innovation present in Oslo Copenhagen and Bucharest.

We have Europe’s largest Google Cloud Platform (GCP) professional community with more than 60 people across development architecture machine learning and project management.

Creative Enthusiasm Integrity Usability and Cooperation are the core values that accompany us in our desire to create technological innovation that brings human progress.

Computas is passionate about delivering digital solutions with high usability quality and value and we have carried out large and business-critical projects in all business sectors.

To meet the strong demand in existing and new projects we are currently looking for software engineers to join the existing team in our office from Bucharest (Computas Development Center) and to be engaged in challenging projects and deliver software solutions.

👉 What will you do?

Collaborate with the Delivery Director to design and implement an overall recruiting strategy
Manage the full-cycle recruitment process
Develop and update job descriptions and job specifications
Perform job analysis to document and update job requirements and objectives
Prepare recruitment materials and promote open jobs
Source and recruit candidates
Screen candidates resume and job applications
Conduct interviews using various reliable recruiting and selection tools/methods to filter candidates within schedule
Assess applicants’ relevant knowledge skills soft skills experience and aptitudes
Onboard new employees in order to become fully integrated
Monitor and apply HR recruiting best practices
Provide analytical and well documented recruiting reports to the rest of the team
Act as a point of contact and build influential candidate relationships during the selection process

👉 Why should we decide on you?

+1 year experience as an IT Recruiter (either an in-house recruiter or a staffing agency recruiter)
Solid ability to conduct different types of interviews
Hands-on experience with various selection processes (video interviewing phone interviewing reference check etc.)
Ability to organize skills assessment centers (in tray activities work samples psychometric and IQ/EQ tests etc)
Familiarity with HR databases Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) and Candidate Management Systems (CMS)
Hands-on experience with recruiting software
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
MS in Human Resources Management / Any type of formal Human Resources Management education

👉 Why join us?

◾ Flex time - We support remote working and flexible working hours to create a positive work-life balance.
◾ Culture - Trust is the backbone of our working environment. We are highly entrepreneurial proactive inclusive and supportive with a short communication span and flat hierarchical structures.