Join the industry leader to design the next generation of breakthroughs

The future is what we make it.

When you join Honeywell you become a member of our global team of thinkers innovators dreamers and doers who make the things that make the future. That means changing the way we fly fuelling jets in an eco-friendly way keeping buildings smart and safe and even making it possible to breathe on Mars.

Working at Honeywell isn’t just about developing cool things. That’s why all our employees enjoy access to dynamic career opportunities across different fields and industries.

Are you ready to help us make the future?

We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Inside Sales Representative I (Contract Renewals) to join our growing team within Honeywell Safety and Productivity Solutions. The job purpose consists in preparing & sending the renewal quotes 90 days in advance to our partners and sales processing all orders/contracts/invoices with high accuracy and within SLA and maintaining a level of excellence in communicating with the stakeholders sales and customers to renew the service contracts on time.

In this role you will exceed the renewal rate target and increase the invoiced value on a monthly quarterly and yearly basis and you will be responsible for direct revenue generation through contract renewal sales and contract admin tasks.

Inside Sales Representative I (Contract Renewals) Responsibilities
Preparing the renewal quotations (offers) and sending them to the designated customer contacts 90 days prior to the ongoing contract expiration date;
Provide renewal quote revisions upon customer request when in compliance with company policies and terms and conditions;
Responsible for maintaining relationship with partner/reseller direct or through the Sales team;
Responsible for auditing PO’s received to insure validity of pricing discounting & contract terms & conditions;
Processes renewal PO’s received from customers & sales team;
Have recurrent calls with Sales Managers in order to close business opportunities;
Responsible for maintaining relationship with Sales teams from the Regions;
Maintain service data base of Voice equipment/software sold and keeping a valid document with this data (pipeline).
Qualifications
BA degree or equivalent experience;
Relevant experience in a similar position of customer support & sales and data input (preferably Salesforce SAP / CRM experience);
High standard of written and spoken English;
Proactive thinker and team player;
Structured and process minded strong coaching and communication skills.
We Offer
Medical plan provided by Omniasig;
Budget for flexible benefit scheme which can be used for travel sports dental scheme and others;
Transportation budget and fuel cards;
Business Travel Accident Insurance;
Voluntary defined contributory pension plan;
Meal allowance;
Paid vacation and time off Honeywell employees are provided Christmas and Children vouchers as well different family aids.
If this is your dream role then we'd love to hear from you.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race religion color national origin gender sexual orientation age marital status veteran status or disability status.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process to perform crucial job functions and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.

Additional Information
JOB ID: HRD181911
Category: Sales
Location: 3 George ConstantinescuUpground building 5th floor (entrance A) District 2BucharestBUCURESTI020339Romania
Nonexempt
Sales (GLOBAL)