We are hiring freelance Czech speaking Online Data Analyst for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.

This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule of up to 20 hours per week - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment eg verifying and comparing data determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks and work is paid per task.

Requirements
Fluency in English and Czech
You must be living in the Czech Republic for the last 2 consecutive years
Ability to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines online maps and website information
You must have familiarity with current and historical business media sport news social media and cultural affairs in the Czech Republic
Being open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. News Audio tasks Relevance)
Applicants must be 18 years or over. ID verification must be attached when submitting your application.

Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.

Why Join the TELUS International AI Community?
Earn extra income
Access to our community wellbeing initiative
Remote work & Location Independence
Be your own boss

WHAT'S NEXT?

Please follow the steps below on how to apply for the project:

1. Create an account here: https://www.telusinternational.ai/cmp/contributor/jobs/available/707

2. Click "Sign Up" and answer the necessary fields.

3. Check your email inbox to confirm your email and set up your password and account.

4. Select CZ as your country and CZECH (CZECHIA) as your primary language. Please note that you must set up your country and primary language correctly in order to view this project.

Once you complete the registration process click the "Apply" button to start your application process for the project.