The applications supported by the team are used in most countries where Siemens has business in various domains:

HR Business & Sales Quality Management IT & Support.

Your new role

1st Level Support for various applications
Address and resolve basic incidents and requests
Single Point of Contact (SPOC)
Logging all incoming enquiries into the respective ticketing system
Discharging/assisting 2nd Level team
SLA Reporting within regularly occurring Service Reviews
Completion of recurrent tasks: daily creation of user accounts in SAP and other systems
Follows up with other support staff (service resources) involved in resolution to ensure incidents are resolved requests are filled and the customer communication is complete

Your Qualifications

Completed studies in business administration computer science business informatics or comparable training /qualification
At least 2 years of professional experience
Strong work ethics teamwork customer focus and initiative
Excellent German and English written and verbal skills from both business and technical perspectives
Demonstrated ability to learn customer support processes and techniques
Strong analytical skills and ability to solve problems
Ability and desire to learn Corporate Division and Facility-specific applications technology and terminology
Basic Active Directory knowledge. Creating user accounts reset passwords create groups - is a plus
Prior experience supporting customers in use of application software and hardware problems - is a plus

About Us

We’re Siemens a collection of great minds who are all making the future. You could be one of us!

Siemens is a global technology powerhouse that owns innovative solutions in the areas of electrification automation and digitalization. Software and R&D play a crucial role at Siemens. In Brasov Cluj-Napoca and Bucharest we have the competence center for research software development IT and engineering which makes the company a major leader in vertical IT technologies.

At Siemens we are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. We need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds

Organization: Advanta

Company: Siemens S.R.L.

Experience Level: Experienced Professional

Full / Part time: Full-time