#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity our team changed the game. Since our inception our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team one fight.

About The Role

CrowdStrike is looking to hire a Big Data DevOps Engineer to the Data Services team to help us take our database systems to the next level. We’re looking for a highly-technical hands-on DevOps Engineer who wants to work with data plane service like Kafka and is comfortable building automation around large-scale cloud-based critical systems. We’ll be looking at your resume with an eye on achievement - what you’ve accomplished in the past tells us the most about what you can do for us in the future.

Engineering Data You Should Know
We send and analyze over 1 trillion events/day to the cloud
We have an architecture with hundreds of microservices
We have our Custom Graph Database
Our Cassandra deployment is one of the largest in the world
We have almost as many Kafka nodes as we do employees
If you are a hands-on Big Data DevOps Engineer who wants to operate at scale apply & let's talk!

Interviewing Process: Online

Work remotely: Our new colleague will work remotely from Romania.

After Covid Pandemic the colleagues based in Bucharest Romania will have the option to work from the office or from home.

We Invite You To
Find out why you should join CrowdStrike recognised as a pre-eminent market and technology leader in cybersecurity - https://bit.ly/3GMSqll
Find out how is it to have Autonomy Mastery & Purpose - https://bit.ly/3qPh38T
Meet our Engineers - www.youtube.com/watch?v=910FGi7VSWU
Meet virtually CrowdStrike's Romania Team - http://y2u.be/gGPjGsr5Kw4
Work with Better Tech & Have a Bigger Mission - https://bit.ly/3c92J73
Learn about the Challenge of Working With Data at Scale - https://bit.ly/3EMEnMi
Responsibilities
Maintain a deep understanding of the data components - Kafka and use that understanding to operate and automate properly configured clusters
Work with Engineering to roll out new products and features
Develop infrastructure services to support the CrowdStrike Engineering Team’s pursuit of a full DevOps model
Work closely with Engineering and Customer Support to troubleshoot time-sensitive production issues regardless of when they happen
Keep petabytes of critical business data safe secure and available
Willingness to learn other technologies in the CrowdStrike Technology Stack (listed below):

Technology Stack
Cassandra
ElasticSearch
MongoDB
Zookeeper
Hadoop (EMR)
Spark
MySQL PostgreSQL
Redis
Memcached
Python
Chef
Terraform
Jenkins
AWS
Desired Skills & Experience
4+ years of experience with large scale data stores using Kafka
Experience with large-scale business-critical Linux environments
Configuration management automation using Chef and/ or Puppet Ansible
Coding or scripting experience – Python or Bash Perl
Experience operating within the cloud preferably Amazon Web Services
Proven ability to work effectively with both local and remote teams
Track record of making great decisions particularly when it matters most
Fluency in English both written and verbal with excellent communication skills required
A combination of confidence and independence with the prudence to know when to ask for help from the rest of the team
Experience in the information security industry preferred but not required
Bachelor’s degree in an applicable field such as Computer Science CIS or Engineering
Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike
Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave including adoption
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration
We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen heard valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse equitable and inclusive culture is rooted in listening learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex including sexual orientation and gender identity national origin disability protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal state or local law.