Why join Stryker?

We are proud to be named one the World’s Best Workplaces and a Best Workplace for Diversity by Fortune Magazine! Learn more about our award-winning organization by visiting stryker.com

Our total rewards package offering includes bonuses healthcare insurance benefits retirement programs wellness programs as well as service and performance awards – not to mention various social and recreational activities all of which are location specific.

We are looking for a Sales Representative to develop our Orthopaedics activity in the counties of Mures Sibiu Alba Valcea & Harghita.

Based out of this area (ideally in Mures) you will be responsible for the following tasks :

Key responsibilities :

Organize and set up presentations to existing and potential customers for all Stryker products.
Assists the client in formulating the products request with regard to Stryker offer and available budget
Identify solutions for various issues and problems in accordance with Company’s integrity policy asking the support from the Country Manager when necessary
Identify new sales opportunities by understanding market dynamics and customer needs.
Participate to local/regional exhibitions and fairs attended by the company and provide product information workshops product demonstration to customers if requested.
Compiling data regarding sales and cash collecting forecasts and share it it to the Country Manager
Formulates personal development requests to the Associate Regional Sales Manager and capitalizes personal development opportunities offered by the company
Work closely with Logistics department to ensure smooth flow of products deliveries invoicing process product return etc.
Being accountable and responsible of consignment inventory (stock of Stryker goods) for assigned accounts.
Identifies tenders and acquisitions opportunities and ensures favourable conditions to participate to them
Identifies and elaborates contract proposals and follows the contracts according to their conditions

Key talents /strengths for the role:

University degree in medicine and/or technical field/economics
Minimum 1y. of Sales experience in Medical Device industry (ideally in Ortho)
English language (spoken read written – communication profiency)
PC literate (Windows MS Office suite)
Target oriented
Achiver
Teamworking
Problem Solving
Planning/Prioritization
Learner
Communication skills

Know someone at Stryker?

Be sure to have them submit you as a referral prior to applying for this position. Learn more about our employee referral program at https://careers.stryker.com/referrals/