The Yield Book team is looking to hire a cashflow modelling associate to model Residential Mortgage Backed Securities (RMBS agency and non-agency) Asset Backed Securities (ABS) and other Securitized asset classes. We are looking for someone who is motivated and driven. Strong analytical background is needed for the job. Willingness to learn is highly important for this position Cash flow modelling of mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities using in-house proprietary software tools interpreting deal legal documents to create a structured C++ based model Model structured products such as US and non-US issuance deals of various asset types including but not limited to mortgages student loans credit cards auto and equipment loans. Work on various ad-hoc projects when needed. Assist with maintenance of modeled securities for current payments and collateral updates. Perform quality assurance checks on database of modeled securities. Oral and written communication with trustees underwriters and servicers Skills Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Previous knowledge of mortgage backed securities is preferred but not essential. Experience with Python or C++ preferred Candidates should be detail-orientated energetic and exhibit a high degree of accuracy in their work. Must have strong computer skills and knowledge of basic accounting. Familiarity with computer programming and fixed income securities is a plus Academic Background Graduate level degree in Finance or related quantitative field OR similar Bachelor’s degree plus 3 to 4 years related experience will be considered as well We are looking for intellectually curious people passionate about the bigger picture of how technology industry is evolving ready to ask difficult questions and deal with complicated scenarios. If you are creative and a problem solver this is the place to be as will be supporting you to fast-forward your career. We maximise each employee’s potential through personal development and through a wide range of learning tools both formal and informal. We believe that remunerating our people with competitive salaries and a range of attractive benefits such as: 25 days’ holiday per year 1 additional day off for your Birthday Annual wellness allowance Share Purchase Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical Subscription (preventive medical services) Dental Coverage Life insurance Pillar 3 Private Pension Meal Vouchers Flexible Benefits Bookster Volunteering Events Team Buildings

At LSEG we believe that creating a diverse and inclusive organisation is fundamental to the way we deliver on our promise of creating essential partnerships and open opportunities. Our open culture is central to how we deliver our purpose – driving financial stability empowering economies and enabling customers to create sustainable growth – in everything we do.

Working with us means that you will be part of a dynamic organisation of 25000 people across 70 countries. However we will value your individuality and enable you to bring your true self to work so you can help enrich our diverse workforce. You will be part of a collaborative and creative culture where we encourage new ideas and are committed to sustainability across our global business. You will experience the critical role we have in helping to re-engineer the financial ecosystem to support and drive sustainable economic growth. Together we are aiming to achieve this growth by accelerating the just transition to net zero enabling growth of the green economy and creating inclusive economic opportunity.

LSEG offers a range of tailored benefits and support including healthcare retirement planning paid volunteering days and wellbeing initiatives.

We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer. This means that we do not discriminate on the basis of anyone’s race religion colour national origin gender sexual orientation gender identity gender expression age marital status veteran status pregnancy or disability or any other basis protected under applicable law. Conforming with applicable law we can reasonably accommodate applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Please take a moment to read this privacy notice carefully as it describes what personal information London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) (we) may hold about you what it’s used for and how it’s obtained your rights and how to contact us as a data subject.

If you are submitting as a Recruitment Agency Partner it is essential and your responsibility to ensure that candidates applying to LSEG are aware of this privacy notice.