Job Description & Summary

A career in our Financial Services Audit practice within External Audit services will provide you with the opportunity to provide a range of Assurance services and business advice to a variety of clients from small fast growing clients to large entities. Our clients are often well known brands and many have broad international reach. We focus on using the latest technology to reduce the level of manual testing ensuring you’ll focus on the most valuable areas of client service and on enhancing corporate governance and the reliability of our clients’ information.

Our team helps financial organisations navigate regulatory complexity while strengthening trust and transparency in their business. Our clients cover industries within banking and capital markets private equity insurance and consumer finance. While many of the rules of business have changed the fundamentals haven’t. You’ll work alongside senior members of the client’s management team in planning the audit process from beginning to end ensuring completeness accuracy and fair presentation of our client’s information.

To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines geographies and career paths and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers now and in the future.

As an Intern / Trainee you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:

Be curious and try new things.
Learn about how PwC works as a business and adds value to clients.
Think broadly and ask questions about data facts and other information.
Support research analysis and problem solving using a variety of tools and techniques.
Produce high quality work which adheres to the relevant professional standards.
Keep up-to-date with technical developments for area of specialism.
Handle manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly.
Communicate confidently in a clear concise and articulate manner - verbally and in materials produced.
Embrace different points of view and welcome opposing and conflicting ideas.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.