Do you want to be delivering one of Norway's most important projects? You will build solutions that help save lives every day.

You will contribute to the implementation of our system delivery and learn to be a solution expert.

We are looking for a full-stack  developer familiar with Windows Server SQL Server and  .NET.

What will you be doing?

As a full-stack Software Developer :

Development of new functionality and maintenance on our transport & logistics product suits
Contribute to accurate time estimations of new features and re-factoring
Code review of other team member’s work
Review test cases and assist testers by recommending test cases for existing features and new functionality

What would you need to know?

You would likely be successful in this role if you:

Proven experience working within scrum teams consisting of 5-10 members working and planning in an agile environment
C# development
.NET Framework
HTML5/CSS Javascript  AngularJS and JQuery SQL
DevOps tools Strong English and communication skills both written and spoken
Previous experience working in transportation & logistics applications will be a plus.

About Locus Solutions AS

Locus is the market leader in products and services for the Nordic transport industry emergency services security value and assistance companies with a common goal: To make everyday life easier for our customers whether it is on the road or in the office.

Here we deliver solutions where factors such as high availability stable and efficient communication and high security are of crucial importance. We are a total of 53 employees in Norway distributed at our head office in Sandefjord and in Lysaker. Read more about Locus at www.locus.no

About Enghouse System Limited

In 2013 Locus Solutions AS was acquired by Canadian Enghouse Systems which is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange TSX: ESL. Enghouse Systems Limited is a Canadian software and service company established in 1984. Headquartered in Markham Toronto.

Enghouse covers three divisions: Enghouse Interactive Enghouse Networks and Enghouse Transportation which specializes in comprehensive communication solutions. For more information see our website - https://www.enghouse.com

We thank all applicants for their interest. Enghouse Systems is an equal opportunity employer. Severely disabled applicants with equal qualification will be given particular consideration.