ABC of Telecommunications

GSC Huawei team is looking for young talents to take their first step in the telecom career area.

New ideas are all around us but only a few will change the world. Are you a change maker interested to be part of local and international projects?
At Huawei we are looking for people who share our vision: to enrich life through communication. We are offering a challenging position the opportunity to grow and expand your knowledge through daily interaction with skilled engineers located all over the world.


Here are few of the teams you get to choose from:
Optical Network
Radio Access Network
Wireless Network
Software Engineering - Linux/SQL
Software Development - Python/JavaScript
Site Design (Civil Engineering)
Core Network Engineering
Project Management

Benefits and overview of the program:
The program is dedicated to final year students or fresh grads who want to start their career in Telecom. No it's not an internship it's a full time job :)
Exposure to international project opportunities for those that would like to work/live abroad;
Develop Romanian ICT talent pool and enhance the knowledge transfer;
Methodology: Learn on Live Network Learning by Doing;
Develop technical & analytical skills faster;
Learn from telecom experts around the world and make useful contacts in this industry;
Flexible full-time schedule enabling you to attend your master degree classes;
Continue your journey with us and become one of our experts in Telecom.


What you are:
Telecommunications/Electronics/Computer fresh graduated;
Proficient in English - other language skills would represent an advantage (Spanish French);
Familiar in using Office package: Excel Word Power Point;
Time management multi-task oriented organized;
Ability and willingness to work in a multi-cultural environment.



What we offer:
A professional career in one of the leading multinational telecommunication company
Challenging work and competitive salary package.
Monthly meal tickets for each working day - Food first right? You can use your meal tickets card to a variety of food places and supermarkets
For a portion of sport we provide discounts to World Class and 7card
Referral bonus You are a model future employee for us so if you have colleagues friends with similar profile like yours please send us as referral and you will be remunerated with referral bonus.
In love with books? Bookster subscription for avid readers
Need to shorten your day due to a personal reason? You can access 4h paid leave per month or add 6 additional annual leave days per year
We see your value based on your performance you will have annual bonus
SIM Allowance/month
Transportation allowance – for the days when you come to the office



Privacy statement: http://r.huaweistatic.com/s/esddp/agreement/v1/app_000000035837/PSTA/20201109/Windows/en_US.html


Join us in Building a Fully Connected Intelligent World!