As a global B2B FinTech software company Serrala helps organizations automate their complex finance processes to stay ahead of the curve. With locations in Europe North America and Asia our 700+ employees are dedicated to servicing our customers in all industry sectors from medium-sized companies to global players. More than 100 of S&P500 and over 50% of DAX40 companies are our customers.

We are growing - our goals are ambitious and to achieve them we need you. #Remote

QA Engineer (m/f/d)

Your tasks:

Daily Business: you will take over the entire test management from the implementation of manual tests to the setup of automated tests.
Teamwork: Together with the Scrum team you design test cases and define their approach.
Knowhow: You manage test data create reports based on it and take over the monitoring.
Your work matters: You focus on the correct analysis of tasks and their prioritization according to urgency.



Your profile:

Background: You have a degree in computer science business informatics or a comparable qualification? Excellent!
What you bring: You have at least three years of practical experience in test case design and in the execution of manual tests? Perfect match!
The right knowledge: Expertise in one of the areas Accounts Payable or ISTQB certification is an advantage as well as first experiences with the test tool TOSCA.
Communication skills: You have good communication skills and are able to convince people of your ideas in English.



It’s time to become a Serralian…
Do you look forward to taking on exciting challenges in an expanding and innovative environment? We continuously improve the way we work including modern and flexible working conditions professional development as part of our LearnLab joint team events such as monthly lunches after work events and the Serralian Base Camp. And yes we also promote sports activities and provide organic fruit and refreshing beverages.

Next steps: Apply quickly and easily with your CV via our recruiting tool.
Pro-Tip: Skip the cover letter and pitch us in 3 sentences why exactly you are the perfect match for our team!
Your HR Contact for this position is: Janina Hohl
This role is based in: Romania (Remote)

[EEO Statement]
We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We celebrate and support diversity by providing equal employment opportunities regardless of race creed color religion age sex national origin disability or handicap genetics protected veteran status sexual orientation gender identity or expression arrest record or any other characteristic protected by federal state or local laws.

[To all recruitment agencies]
Serrala does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias Serrala employees or any other organization location. Serrala is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.