Grow Faster.
We’re always looking for the ones truly passionate about their work. If you are amongst them you can rest assured there is a place for you in eMAG. We grew very fast and we are determined to keep doing so. What brought us here is our desire for continuous evolution and practical results.
At eMAG a set of strong principles guide our daily work: we understand the client we think like a successful entrepreneur we make decisions supported by data we assess the impact of our projects we act responsibly we support each other and we grow with the business. They define us and help us become the favorite shopping destination for our clients.
Almost 6000 people are working now in eMAG. We strongly believe in people development and therefore every year we invest more and more energy and resources to remain an organization that is constantly learning. We want to make sure that you’ll have the most talented colleagues as well as the proper environment to grow and achieve great results to become what you desire on a personal and professional level.



Marketing CRM Business Partner


Grow Faster. Grow Further. There is a very high probability that Finance in eMAG is different than what you have come across so far. In order to enjoy it you have to love taking initiative and getting to the very bottom of business cases you have to ask questions and work together to find and define the best options eMAG has to move forward. Then you execute. Past experience always comes in handy but many of the projects we’re working on are brand new so curiosity and an open mind moves us forward.
We are constantly upgrading people processes for our young organization and each and every member of our team has an important role to play in that. Our ambition is to have not only a thriving business but also an engaged team that fosters development – or in other words the best learning environment in town! If you like the sound of that then we’d love to meet you!

What will you do in our team?

As Marketing Customer Relationship Management Business Partner in our team you will be working closely with your stakeholders and other colleagues in Marketing in order to understand and correlate different business elements while driving business results to the next level. Your daily activities may include:

Providing customer insights by analyzing and aggregating complex data from multiple databases
Building cohesive KPI-based models that help drive customer engagement initiatives and measure their progress
Finding opportunities and proposing actionable initiatives to improve customer engagement and recurrence
Use different tools and techniques to develop scalable solutions to address business needs
Developing and improving different instruments or applications together with our internal development team
Getting involved in project controlling – managing business cases participating in progress and risk reviews etc.
Constantly identify gaps and opportunities in analyzed data sets for successfully contribute to business growth
Participate in corporate planning: budgets forecasts and long-term plans


Let’s meet if you have these skills:
University Degree in Economics or other relevant subjects
Minimum 3 years of experience in a similar position (Marketing Data Analysis)
Strong Excel and analytical skills; SQL/Tableau knowledge would be preferable
Basic knowledge in QlikView programming language would be an advantage
Solid understanding of databases statistics and business intelligence tools
Ability to transform data into information that management can use in decision making
Detail oriented capable of spotting flaws in processes and data inconsistencies problem solving
Ability to work with high volumes of data
Highly organized task focused and adept at juggling multiple priorities in a fast-moving environment
Fluent in English
Experience in retail industry or e-commerce sites would be an advantage


Other information:

We know that benefits are important that's why at eMAG we offer you a few options to choose from:
Medical subscription for Medicover Medlife or Regina Maria;
A flexible budget that you can invest in yourself as you wish: meal tickets holiday tickets cultural vouchers private pension foreign language classes eMAG and Fashion Days gift cards access to World Class gym or even professional development classes;
You will receive different discounts from our partners - banking mobile dental medicine wellness or coffee shops.
You have access to the Bookster library;
You'll work in a friendly office. We redesigned our headquarters office to suit our new hybrid work model: we doubled the number of rooms destined for meetings and we equipped them with state-of-the-art technology to facilitate mixed meetings - online & offline.

Apply and if your experience will be considered suitable for the role you wish we will contact you by phone for more details.

eMAG Recruitment Team