The Role: MI Technology People Job Family & Career Framework Project Lead

Location: United Kingdom preferred but could be located anywhere globally if able to work across time zones

Status: Project-dependent expected 6 months in duration. May be open to employment or freelance

Summary

The mandate for this role is to produce an up-to-date comprehensive job family and leveling framework and map all employees across MI Technology organization globally to this framework. The framework should represent an extensive career architecture suite including competencies and requirements for each job family by level across all countries where staff is located or is expected in the future. It should be aligned with competitive and equitable compensation practices and structures at S&P Global.

Under the guidance of MI Technology Divisional People Lead this role will be accountable to the Project Governance Committee including Executive Sponsors Divisional and enterprise-level Total Rewards experts and MI Technology Technical Business Operations. The incumbent will collaborate with Executives and People Leaders across MI Technology to develop an understanding of current state and design and implement the new framework within the context of MI Technology and Divisional Strategy.

Key Deliverables

Thought leadership on Job Family Project strategy that is forward looking in the fast-changing technology space supports business strategy drives organizational capability embeds a performance management-based culture manages career expectations provides governance in career development activities maintains employee engagement motivation and commitment boosts recruitment levels in areas of skill shortages helps ensure staff retention optimizes costs and provides a return on investment.
Develop an execution plan for the Project. Identify job families across Technology as well as levels and career ladders. Develop tools and frameworks for each level of job family with focus on skills competencies and requirements. Develop a globally consistent titling methodology.
In partnership with people leaders assess employees and map them within the job family framework ensuring consistency from a geographical and team perspective.
Develop a robust career architecture suite including career development ladders and supporting tools.

Qualifications

7+ years of experience in the Total Rewards space or as a Human Resources Business Partner. Experience in Technology Operations a plus.
Deep Technology industry knowledge of and experience with practices at a global level across all regions. Understanding of Technology job leveling and career architecture best practices.
Strong leadership and partnership skills a self-starter. Experience with managing large-scale Compensation or HR projects. High tolerance of ambiguity and innate approach to find and create solutions where none may yet exist.
Strong communication writing and presentation skills with ability to concisely summarize complex topics for audiences at different levels. Demonstrated experience with operating effectively and efficiently in a large-scale environment across stakeholder groups located across the US the UK India and other countries across various time zones. Schedule flexibility will be critical.
Ability to work at a high pace in a changing environment agility and creativity with problem-solving.
Must be well-organized with exceptional attention to detail and a strong work ethic.
Uncompromising integrity in haling confidential and sensitive information and operate efficiently in a large-scale environment across stakeholder groups.

Flexible Working

We pride ourselves on our agility and diversity and we welcome requests to work flexibly. For most roles flexible hours and/or an element of remote working are usually possible. Please talk to us at interview about the type of arrangement that is best for you. We will always try to be adaptable wherever we can.

Return To Work

Have you taken time out for caring responsibilities and are now looking to return to work? As part of our Return-to-Work initiative we are encouraging enthusiastic and talented returners to apply and will actively support your return to the workplace.

About Company Statement

S&P Global Market Intelligence partners with customers to broaden their perspective and operate with confidence by bringing them leading data sources and technologies that embed insight in their daily work.

For more information visit www.spglobal.com

Equal Opportunity Employer

S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity color religion sex sexual orientation gender identity national origin age disability marital status military veteran status unemployment status or any other status protected by law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.

If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.

US Candidates Only

The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.