We are Siemens

Siemens Digital Industries Software is a leading provider of solutions for the design simulation and manufacture of products across many different industries. Formula 1 cars skyscrapers ships space exploration vehicles and many of the objects we see in our daily lives are being conceived and manufactured using our Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) software.

The promise of a digital future…today. With the digital twin Siemens Digital Industries Software blurs the boundaries between the virtual and physical hardware and software design and manufacturing worlds. For more information about us visit - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6mVLaUyO4U

Position Overview

As Software Engineer you will design develop modify and implement software programming for products (both internal and external) with focus on surpassing customer expectations on achieving high quality and timely delivery.

You will be responsible for ensuring the overall functional quality of the released product on all required platforms and mechanism
Ability to understand complex products solutions and problems
You will build documents and implement software designs which may involve complicated workflows or multiple product areas
Technical lead of one or more projects within one area of a product
You will provide guidance to the technical direction for one area of a product
Occasional you advise customers regarding future upgrades and products
You will provide niche expertise within multiple systems software disciplines as well as general knowledge of related fields applications implications and customer areas
In this role you work with minimal direction on sophisticated projects with wide latitude for independent judgment

Duties and Responsibilities:

Project Management: Participates in project planning (task subdivision and identification dependency identification estimating effort) and project tracking (monitoring reporting and adjusting)
Process focus: Follows documented practices standards and procedures to help efficiently develop high-quality software
Product or domain knowledge: Maintains industry and technology knowledge in relevant product areas. Evaluate customer requests and develop an understanding of customer needs
Requirement Definition: Possesses sufficient domain knowledge to understand and analyze requirements and document the requirements in formal specifications.
Functional Specification: Proposes and defines creative and feasible solutions to optimally address the requirements and documents (or assists to document) informal specifications
Test Planning: Analyzes code paths and system functionality to create test plans.
Algorithm and Software Design: Designs well-constructed software functions that are potentially reusable. Documents the software design
Coding: Uses clear understandable logic to write efficient maintainable code which meets design specifications quality requirements and coding standards
Testing: Performs code level and system level test plans and reports results
Maintenance: Maintains existing products and fixes customer problems. Explores the actual root cause of a deficiency such that the source of the problem is removed rather than implementing a symptomatic fix

What You’ll Bring

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science Mechanical Engineering Aerospace Engineering Civil Engineering Engineering Mechanics or equivalent.
Experience in JAVA or C++ in a commercial quality software environment
Exposure to cloud and web development technologies (Javascript React Angular)
Exposure to any PDM system and/or finite element modelling and analysis workflows

What we offer?

Meal tickets
Christmas Easter and summer monetary bonus
13th month salary
Medical packages for employee spouse and children
Complex sports package with limitless access for the employee
Private pension
Annual eyewear compensation
Tickets reimbursement for opera philharmonic or theater for the employee +1
2 ski passes/month for local resorts in the winter season
Increasing number of vacation day based on seniority
2 sick leave days per semester for medical unavailability (4 days per semester for parents of small children)
Compensation for bank holidays which fall on a weekend
Trainings conferences and other educational events access
Internal training platform
Kit for working from home (desk chair etc.)
Gifts for employees and/or children for Easter June 1st Christmas etc.

We offer an international environment with more than 140000 customers around the world who already rely on our expertise in digitization. We are involved in exciting and varied customer projects in the aerospace automotive and transportation consumer products and retail electronics and semiconductors energy and utilities industrial machinery and heavy machinery maritime and medical devices and pharmaceuticals industries. With us you will find a team-oriented work environment comprehensive training options and attractive benefits. Through individual target agreements and diverse career models with specialization options we offer you the opportunity to grow professionally and personally.

We are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. Be part of the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow ‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds

We'd love to hear from you so apply now on siemens.com!

We look forward to your application! Please use only our career platform which you can access via "Apply now".

Come and learn more about Siemens Software: Mission / Vision and our software portfolio - or visit our homepage.

We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities. At Siemens we believe people who’ve had real experiences dealing with being different will excel as leaders. Let's foster a culture of creativity and innovation. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process to perform essential job functions and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

#DISW

Additional Materials:

Siemens Digital Industries Software Homepage:

https://www.sw.siemens.com/

Siemens Digital Enterprise videos:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6mVLaUyO4U

Siemens PLM & MOM videos:

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYR5Kgzn6suihs56iJ8_vfw

Organization: Digital Industries

Company: Siemens Industry Software S.r.l.

Experience Level: Experienced Professional

Full / Part time: Full-time