A Snapshot of Your Day

You will make sure that the core applications for financial reporting are working. You will support the operations of theapplications during the monthly closing processes responding to end-userrequests as much as preparing the systems for data delivery. Along with the support you will also becontributing to system changes due to new external or internal reportingrequirements. Furtheron you will collaborate in our constantimprovement of processes and the implementation of their necessary adjustments.

How You’ll Make an Impact

Provideend-user support to a world-wide user community on Financial Reporting andClosing applications (SAP based technology)
Enableexecute and monitor system preparation activities for SAP financialconsolidation and reporting systems (including satellite applications e.g.access rights managing applications)
Ensuretimely delivery of financial data in due quality
Contributein our new development projects
Providefor the necessary customizing updates of the system based on the requirementscommunicated by the system owners
Supportthe role of Service Management incl. follow-up of software updates (ServicePacks) cooperation with SAP basis team ITIL management
Innovateother IT solutions/processes to the systems in the maintenance scope incl.subsequent end-user support and documentation on these new releases

What You Bring

Universitydegree in (Business) Computer Science Information Technology or BusinessAdministration (with focus / interest in IT processes or management)
Minimum1 year experience in designing and operating infrastructure forSAP environments or in IT operations/ maintenance or financial accounting
Youhave an affinity to modern IT infrastructures and knowledge of the essentialcurrent technological trends in IT
Youlike to combine IT knowledge with work-tasks in the area of Financial Reportingapplications or / and financial data management
Youhave organizational talent like teamworking and use clear communication styleas well as a structured way of working
Your attitude to work shows a high degree of independenceas well as good customer orientation
Your English is fluent and you are confident inbusiness communication in English (German is an asset but not a must-have)

Aboutthe Team

In our central ITdepartment we build develop and operate applications for various CorporateFunctions in the financial reporting and data management area.

Our applications areused by almost 1000 colleagues world-wide in over 300 companies located inalmost 100 countries.

Check out our video to see what we do.

Who is Siemens Energy?

At Siemens Energy we are more than just an energy technology company. We meet the growing energy demand across 90+ countries while ensuring our climate is protected. With more than 92000 dedicated employees we not only generate electricity for over 16% of the global community but we’re also using our technology to help protect people and the environment.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable reliable and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We uphold a 150-year legacy of innovation that encourages our search for people who will support our focus on decarbonization new technologies and energy transformation.

Our Commitment to Diversity

Lucky for us we are not all the same. Through diversity we generate power. We run on inclusion and our combined creative energy is fueled by over 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy celebrates character – no matter what ethnic background gender age religion identity or disability. We energize society all of society and we do not discriminate based on our differences.

Jobs & Careers: https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs

Rewards/Benefits

The opportunity to engage in an exciting environment on challenging projects
Strong professional support and working with colleagues around the world
Professional development opportunities within the company
To be part of a growing function with a dynamic informal and inspiring working environment in a position that entails a large responsibility