BAT is evolving at pace - truly like no other organization.

To achieve the ambition we have set for ourselves we are looking for colleagues who are ready to live our ethos every day. Come be a part of this journey!

BAT IS LOOKING FOR A BUSINESS SUPPORT CENTER ANALYST

SENIORITY LEVEL Non-management

FUNCTION Finance

LOCATION Bucharest

CONTRACT TYPE Fixed term for 1 year

ROLE POSITIONING AND OBJECTIVES

The role is part of GBS Business Support Center team

Geographic Scope Global

Reports to Business Support Center Team Leader

Reporting level Non-management

What You Will Be Accountable For
Responsible Accounts Payable query management process and Transactional Procurement support;
Engage at regional and global level with external (BAT suppliers) and internal stakeholders (BAT employees) issue resolution and problem solving being an integral part of your role;
Providing excellent customer service with the ability to build productive relationships resolve complex issues and achieve win-win outcomes;
Performing daily/weekly/monthly tasks as per agreed timelines account reconciliations / balance of account; provide proof of payment / invoice status to BAT suppliers and BAT employees;
Recommending process improvements to create greater efficiency and productivity;
Establish and maintain a good working relationship with key contacts in end markets and focus on customer satisfaction.
Experience Skills Knowledge
Good command of English - spoken and written;
Good numerical and analytical skills;
Proficiency with Ms. Office (especially Excel). Successfully plan activities and put them into action;
Ability to communicate at all levels and apply high professional standards; Customer care attitude;
Ability to meet deadlines and work well under pressure good time management;
Able to help teach or explain current process to others;
High attention to detail and problem-solving skills;
Able to manage and facilitate calls;
EU work permit – mandatory
BENEFICIAL
Experience of working with high volumes of data;
Experience in Finance / Accounting department/ Customer Service
Please be aware that this is a fixed-term contract for 1 year with possibility to be extended based on individual performance.

WE ARE BAT

At BAT we are committed to our Purpose of creating A Better Tomorrow. This is what drives our people and our passion for innovation. See what is possible for you at BAT.
Global Top Employer with 53000 BAT people across more than 180 markets
Brands sold in over 200 markets made in 44 factories in 42 countries
Newly established Tech Hubs building world-class capabilities for innovation in 4 strategic locations
Diversity leader in the Financial Times and International Women’s Day Best Practice winner
Seal Award winner – one of 50 most sustainable companies
BELONGING ACHIEVING TOGETHER

Collaboration diversity and teamwork underpin everything we do here at BAT. We know that collaborating with colleagues from different backgrounds is what makes us stronger and best prepared to meet our business goals. Come bring your difference!