Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client Forward Kitchens. Have you got what it takes?

On-demand food delivery is the future of restaurants. However most restaurants are either ill-equipped or unaware of how to unlock their full delivery revenue potential through digitization. A restaurant’s digital presence could be the difference between a viral hit like Salt Bae’s booming global steak empire (which is just ok if you ask us) and your favorite mom-and-pop hole-in-the-wall that went out of business during the pandemic.

That’s where Forward Kitchens comes in. We empower restaurants to create multiple digital storefronts each generate more online sales and increase their bottom line – all without having to hire a creative marketing team or deal with the millions (we’re exaggerating) of delivery platforms out there. We believe in our partner restaurants’ power to represent their communities and provide delicious eclectic meals to their ever-ravenous customers at scale.

In this role you will be the go-to contact for key customer accounts. You will become an expert in our product and work cross-functionally with our sales operations product and engineering teams to provide customers with the best possible Forward Kitchens experience. If you are an excellent communicator who is highly analytical and results-oriented then this is the role for you!

What You Will Be Doing

Building and managing relationships with our partner restaurants
Onboarding new accounts and implement launch playbooks across a variety of markets
Defining unique growth plans tailored to each customer

What You Won’t Be Doing

Cold calling potential customers
Having check-in meetings with customers just to “touch base”

Basic Requirements

Enterprise Account Executive key responsibilities

3+ years of experience in Account Management Business Development Sales or Customer Success at a high-growth startup
Ability to work US hours

About Forward Kitchens

Off-premise operating system for restaurants.

There is so much to cover for this exciting role and space here is limited. Hit the Apply button if you found this interesting and want to learn more. We look forward to meeting you!

Working with Crossover

This is a full-time (40 hours per week) long-term position. The position is immediately available and requires entering into an independent contractor agreement with Crossover. The compensation level for this role is $30 USD/hour which equates to $60000 USD/year assuming 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year. The payment period is weekly. Consult www.crossover.com/help-and-faqs for more details on this topic.

What to expect next:

You will receive an email with a link to start your self-paced online job application.
Our hiring platform will guide you through a series of online “screening” assessments to check for basic job fit job-related skills and finally a few real-world job-specific assignments.

Important! If you do not receive an email from us:

First emails may take up to 15 minutes to send refresh and check again.
Second check your spam and junk folders for an email from Crossover.com mark as “Not Spam” since you will receive other emails as well.
Third we will send to whatever email account you indicated on the Apply form - by default that is the email address you use as your LinkedIn username and it might be different than the one you have already checked.
If all else fails just reset your password by visiting https://www.crossover.com/auth/reset-password if you already applied using LinkedIn EasyApply.
Crossover Job Code: LJ-4865-RO-Buchares-EnterpriseAcco