Candidatul Ideal
We would love to hear from you if you have:
University degree in engineering civil or commercial
Relevant functional experience ideally retail and commercial knowledge in order to interact with internal and external customers.
Ability to manage time multi-task and prioritize effectively.
Results oriented and pro-active – a consistent overachiever of goals and objectives.
IT skills including MS-Office
Superior verbal and written communication skills with excellent interpersonal abilities.As part of your interview process we’ll invite you to spend a couple of hours in Hilti Store to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people.
Are you a people person? If you’re also a team player with energy commitment and competitive drive you could be the perfect fit to help build on our strong customer relationships.
What's the role?
We’re looking for a proactive Store Manager in Bucharest to join our Hilti Store sales team. But this is no ordinary sales team. Our people come from all different backgrounds with a shared dedication to high performance consistent results and outstanding customer service.
What does the role involve?
As a Store Manager you’ll look after our Bucharest retail site serving local clients ranging from sole traders to large construction projects. It’s a busy hands-on role where you’ll demonstrate our products cross-sell our software and services and advise customers on the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs. You’ll have broad product knowledge across the complete Hilti catalogue which opens lots of career options for the future. Between serving customers you’ll carry out day-to-day processes like entering orders receiving goods accepting repairs and managing cash and inventories.
We fill 80% of our management positions with our own internal candidates. It’s testament to how much we value and develop our people.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you full responsibility for the running of your Hilti Store which means the flexibility and freedom to make your own decisions. Whatever it takes to deliver exceptional results. You’ll come up with ideas to appeal to your local customers – like holding public workshops or demonstration days – and devise marketing campaigns to promote these events. In return for delivering consistent results you’ll receive one-to-one career mentoring as well as exciting opportunities to broaden your role and potentially move around the business.
#HILTI Benefits:
A motivating salary in order to feel appreciated. Meal vouchers – a balanced diet includes at least one hot meal a day which is why we offer you meal vouchers
Holiday and birthday bonus.
Referral program benefits.
Private medical insurance to be sure that you are staying in a good health.
Life insurance All the necessary means for carrying out the activity: car laptop telephone access to e-learning platform. Opportunity for professional growth and development. Very good experience in working in a company with an open diverse and inclusive environment.
The chance to be a volunteer in the projects carried out by the Hilti Foundation and Habitat for Humanity.
Team-buildings - We organize recurrent team-building activities for your department so you get to know each other and build trust among your peers.
Exposure to an international work environment. Bookster- the road to self-improvement is paved by books.
Borrow the books that interest you and your family through the library that comes to your office. Extra vacation days depending on seniority in Hilti.
Technical and soft skills training. Local and global career development programs. Psychological counseling – Through the medical subscription you can benefit from a number of free psychological counseling sessions at Kyan Health. Stress management anxiety parenting burnout psychotherapy individual and for couples are all topics you can address.
Life events celebration - Your family is growing while working at Hilti? We congratulate your newborn or marriage with the bonus.
Discounts on the purchase of the company's products according to approved procedures.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best team members joined us with no industry experience. So if you’ve never worked in construction that’s fine with us. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability no matter what your background.
Show us what you’re made of and we’ll offer you opportunities to move around the business – to work abroad experience different job functions and tackle different markets. It’s a great way to find the right match for your ambitions and achieve the exciting career you’re after.
We have a very thorough people review process unlike any we know of in any other business. We can pair talent with opportunities - developing our people in their current roles or challenging them to work in new ways or in new places. It’s how we find the right fit further our teams personally and professionally get the best value for each employee and increase job satisfaction. Additionally we offer you a wide range of benefits as listed above and the chance to work in a Gold rated company from the international sustainability rating agency EcoVadis. We thereby rank among the top five percent of more than 90000 companies evaluated by EcoVadis worldwide.
Who are Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools technologies software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage built over 75 years and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 30000 people in more than 127 countries we’re a great place for you to show us your worth as you learn grow and carve-out your career.