Video: MEET US in 2 Minutes!

Are you brave enough to challenge yourself?

Siemens Digital Industries (DI) is an innovation leader in automation and digitalization. Closely collaborating with partners and customers we care about the digital transformation in the process and discrete industries. With our Digital Enterprise portfolio we provide and encourage companies of all sizes with an end-to-end set of products solutions and services to integrate and digitalize the entire value chain. Meaningful optimization for the specific needs of each industry our outstanding portfolio supports customers to achieve greater efficiency and flexibility. We are constantly adding innovations to its portfolio to integrate groundbreaking future technologies. We have our global headquarters in Nuremberg Germany and have around 75000 employees internationally.

We offer an international environment with more than 140000 customers around the world who already rely on our expertise in digitization. We are involved in exciting and varied customer projects in the aerospace automotive and transportation consumer products and retail electronics and semiconductors energy and utilities industrial machinery and heavy machinery maritime and medical devices and pharmaceuticals industries. With us you will find a team-oriented work environment comprehensive training options and attractive benefits. Through individual target agreements and diverse career models with specialization options we offer you the opportunity to grow professionally and personally.

Join our Team as SAP Analyst - RAR/CO Specialist

Overview Of Position

SAP Analyst is responsible for shaping multiple system domains business processes and data flows. Role is to expertly support existing systems evaluate new requirements identify solutions and guide major projects that meet key business needs in relation to people processes governance information and software.

What Will You Be Doing

Acts as business partner/demand manager for internal customers with a focus on CO (Controlling) and RAR (Revenue Accounting and Reporting).
Plans analyzes and coordinates software automation of complex business processes for internal customers and external interfaces.
Performs key role in application requirement development and direction of value center resources in fulfilling those requirements.
Interacts with internal customer and development leads.
Demonstrates advanced proficiency within the SAP RAR and CO areas.
Learns quickly and adapts to ever-changing business needs.
Operates under minimal supervision with latitude for decision making and cross-team communication.
Manages small to medium sized projects.
Develops block diagrams and logic flowcharts.

What do you need to succeed ?

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent.
5 years minimum SAP FICO experience with focus on RAR and/or CO.
Experience with designing supporting and optimizing Finance processes for a multinational corporation preferably in the software industry.
Excellent communication with demonstrated leadership skills.
Self-motivated analyst with deep understanding of business processes and intrinsic desire for constant improvement.
Strong team player proactive learner adaptive and willing to work project team members and internal customers of varying backgrounds and locales.
Accounting degree plus practical business experience highly desired.
Travel (<20%) may be required.
What do we offer ?

Competitive salary and benefits (Lunch Subvention Holiday Allowance Medical Care Sport Card Life Insurance).
Extra paid vacation days.
Work on implementations as product producer (Siemens) not a partner company.
Interesting and challenging career path within Siemens.
We are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. Be part of the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds

We'd love to hear from you so apply now on siemens.com!

We look forward to your application! Please use only our career platform which you can access via "Apply now".

Come and learn more about Siemens Software: Mission / Vision and our software portfolio - or visit our homepage.

We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities. At Siemens we believe people who’ve had real experiences dealing with being different will excel as leaders. Let's foster a culture of creativity and innovation. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process to perform essential job functions and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Additional Materials:

Siemens Digital Industries Software Homepage:

https://www.sw.siemens.com/

Siemens Digital Enterprise videos:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6mVLaUyO4U

Siemens PLM & MOM videos:

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYR5Kgzn6suihs56iJ8_vfw

Organization: Digital Industries

Company: Siemens Industry Software s.r.o.

Experience Level: Experienced Professional

Full / Part time: Full-time