S&P Global Corporate

The Role: EMEA Accounts Receivable Analyst Associate

The Team: Accounts Receivable globally consists of circa 85 colleagues and is a key contributor in generating cash flows which exceed 1 billion dollars annually.
The EMEA AR team consists of circa 20 colleagues who have an average tenure of 3 years and speak 10 different languages. They are responsible for managing global clients across S&P divisions such as Commodity Insights Mobility Market Intelligence and Resources.

The Impact:
Efficiently collecting payment on current accounts receivable and past-due accounts maintaining positive customer relationships and protecting shareholders from financial loss.

What’s in it for you:

Amazing team and working environment
Great career opportunities and job mobility
Attractive benefits package (cash incentive private health care)
Five days of company funded volunteering annually
Learning and development opportunities (LinkedIn Learning)

Responsibilities:
The collection specialist will manage a portfolio of global customers that represent multi-million dollar monthly receivables. The key role responsibilities include:

To improve payment delinquency and maximize cash collection
Own and resolve customer disputes and collaborate with internal stakeholders (Sales Billing Customer Care Tax Compliance) to remove barriers to payment
To track and document invoice status and forecast potential bad debt
Pursuit of best practice and compliance with internal controls
To identify process improvements and drive your development

What We’re Looking For:

2 years of international collections experience or in a customer facing role
Professional English communication skills both verbal and written
Strong analytical skills and attention to detail
Strong interpersonal competencies with the ability to build relationships
Systems proficient (SAP Excel SalesForce or equivalent)
European language a bonus (German Spanish Russian)
Bachelor’s degree preferred

Flexible Working
We pride ourselves on our agility and diversity and we welcome requests to work flexibly. For most roles flexible hours and/or an element of remote working are usually possible. Please talk to us at interview about the type of arrangement that is best for you. We will always try to be adaptable wherever we can.

Return to Work
Have you taken time out for caring responsibilities and are now looking to return to work? As part of our Return to Work initiative (link to career site page when available) we are encouraging enthusiastic and talented returners to apply and will actively support your return to the workplace.

Grade/Level (relevant for internal applicants only): 08
The Location: Bucharest-Romania

About Company Statement:
S&P Global delivers essential intelligence that powers decision making. We provide the world’s leading organizations with the right data connected technologies and expertise they need to move ahead. As part of our team you’ll help solve complex challenges that equip businesses governments and individuals with the knowledge to adapt to a changing economic landscape.