Job Description

We are Siemens

Siemens Digital Industries Software is a leading provider of solutions for the design simulation and manufacture of products across many different industries. Formula 1 cars skyscrapers ships space exploration vehicles and many of the objects we see in our daily lives are being conceived and manufactured using our Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) software.

The promise of a digital future…today. With the digital twin Siemens Digital Industries Software blurs the boundaries between the virtual and physical hardware and software design and manufacturing worlds. For more information about us visit - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6mVLaUyO4U

What You’ll Be Doing

As a Product & Solution Security / Cyber Security Expert for Siemens Simulation & Test Solutions you will be required to:

Ensure that Architecture & Design of the software components meets the required security standards following a Secure Development Lifecycle throughout the process
Actively engage in various activities right from requirements analysis to software construction in order to build necessary security measures e.g. using methods like Threat & Risk Analysis Secure Coding etc.
Closely collaborate with our R&D department to identify security weaknesses in our software early in the design process and consult on mitigations
Drive and participate in various verification & validation activities like Penetration Testing and Fuzz Testing to identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities in our existing software in collaboration with our QA/QC engineers
Proactively monitor for potential vulnerabilities within the developed or 3rd party software components using well-defined methods & tools suggest mitigations and contribute to planning upgrades or patch rollout while achieving a balance between business needs budget and security risk
Work with the R&D and DevOps teams to ensure all build environments are secure and ensure best practices are in place to protect against supply chain attacks
Roll out automated SAST and DAST tools to our various software components and actively oversee issue management
Contribute to security best practices and definition or update of relevant methods and techniques in the form of publications white papers and guidelines.
Advise the Management on upcoming tools & technology trends as well as new threats related to cyber security
Coach and mentor and educate development teams regarding secure software design approaches technologies tools methods and various cyber security aspects

Expected Profile

Technical Skills

Degree in Computer Science electrical engineering or similar
At least three years of practical experience in software engineering
Security skills

Soft Skills

Ability to communicate on technical topics esp. software engineering related

What we offer?

Meal tickets
Christmas Easter and summer monetary bonus
13th month salary
Medical packages for employee spouse and children
Complex sports package with limitless access for the employee
Private pension
Annual eyewear compensation
Tickets reimbursement for opera philharmonic or theater for the employee +1
2 ski passes/month for local resorts in the winter season
Increasing number of vacation day based on seniority
2 sick leave days per semester for medical unavailability (4 days per semester for parents of small children)
Compensation for bank holidays which fall on a weekend
Trainings conferences and other educational events access
Internal training platform
Kit for working from home (desk chair etc.)
Gifts for employees and/or children for Easter June 1st Christmas etc.

We offer an international environment with more than 140000 customers around the world who already rely on our expertise in digitization. We are involved in exciting and varied customer projects in the aerospace automotive and transportation consumer products and retail electronics and semiconductors energy and utilities industrial machinery and heavy machinery maritime and medical devices and pharmaceuticals industries. With us you will find a team-oriented work environment comprehensive training options and attractive benefits. Through individual target agreements and diverse career models with specialization options we offer you the opportunity to grow professionally and personally.

We are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. Be part of the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow ‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds

We'd love to hear from you so apply now on siemens.com!

We look forward to your application! Please use only our career platform which you can access via "Apply now".

Come and learn more about Siemens Software: Mission / Vision and our software portfolio - or visit our homepage.

Additional Materials:

Siemens Digital Industries Software Homepage:

https://www.sw.siemens.com/

Siemens Digital Enterprise videos:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6mVLaUyO4U

Siemens PLM & MOM videos:

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYR5Kgzn6suihs56iJ8_vfw

#DISW

Organization: Digital Industries

Company: Siemens Industry Software

Job Type: Full-time

Organization: Digital Industries

Company: Siemens Industry Software S.r.l.

Experience Level: Experienced Professional

Full / Part time: Full-time