The product is planned to be a mobile application based on Dynamics 365 system for helping the technical team in solving different customer requests and changes in the Digital Industry field.

This is going to be a brand-new application meant to replace an existing tool.

Your new role

Work with consultants and business representatives in an international environment to define and architect software applications
Implement configurations and customizations in Dynamics 365
Continuously research and learn latest configuration and best practices Microsoft Dynamics 365 and then bring these configurations to live
Assist in developing design specifications as well as presenting demos (live documentation and presentations) of the solution to the business.

Your Qualifications

You have an education in Computer Science Software Engineering or related fields
Microsoft Dynamics 365 expertise (customer service and field service – most relevant modules)
Experience in creation of custom plugins and custom workflows for CRM
Power Apps platform and Dynamics 365 Mobile know-how experience is a plus
Strong willingness to understand business processes
Good problem-solving and analytical thinking skills
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate with multiple stakeholders
Advanced English skills/ both verbal and written.

About Us

We’re Siemens a collection of great minds who are all making the future. You could be one of us!

Siemens is a global technology powerhouse that owns innovative solutions in the areas of electrification automation and digitalization. Software and R&D play a crucial role at Siemens. The division in Brasov Cluj-Napoca and Bucharest is the competence center for research software development IT and engineering which makes the company a major leader in vertical IT technologies.

At Siemens we are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. We need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds

Join us!

Organization: Advanta

Company: Siemens S.R.L.

Experience Level: Experienced Professional

Full / Part time: Full-time