Interested? Get ready to work #LikeABosch!

Our team is happy to welcome you. Here is what you will be doing if you choose to join the team:

You will be responsible for requirements engineering;
You will be the Change and Defect management interface between customer and internal development team;
You will do effort estimation support for projects (during the acquisition phase) or change requests;
You will keep a close cooperation with the Technical Project Manager;
You will offer support for end-of-line topics;
You will perform system tests of ECU interfaces as HMI diagnosis and communication;
Coordination and setup of test vehicles will be in your responsibility;
Coordination of vehicle tests is also something that you will focus on.

Qualifications

Who you are:

You have a University degree in Mechatronics Computer Science Automation Electronics Physics or comparable;
You have experience in the automotive projects (ADAS systems would be a big plus);
You have experience with automotive communication protocols;
You have know-how regarding ECU diagnostics and flashing;
You have experience with Vector tools (CANape CANoe CANalyzer CANdb++).
We would also appreciate:

If you are willing to travel;
If you have scientific research experience.
You would be a perfect match to our team if:

You are eager to work with the newest automotive technologies understand complex systems and shape the behavior of the future cars;
You are proactive and you adapt easily to new development environment but don’t worry we will be there every step of the way supporting each other;
You are self-motivated and take ownership of your tasks and projects;
You’re a team player and offering and receiving feedback comes naturally;
You take ownership of projects and tasks;
You’re not afraid to think outside the box and try to find creative approaches to your challenges.
The languages you should know:

English – a good level is mandatory;
German – it is not mandatory but it is an advantage.

Additional Information

#LikeABosch Benefits:

Your work-life balance is valuable to us so we offer you:

25 Days of annual leave because work-life balance is essential to us;
Flexible working hours but if you want to work from somewhere else feel free ourHome Officeprogram helps you do that;
Your health and well-being is important to us so we have you covered:

Medical subscription
Accident insurance
Sport activities and well-being initiatives
We believe in a Life-Long Learning approach so you can take advantage of:

Technical and soft skills trainings;
Access to e-learning platforms
Local and Global career development programs
Opportunity to attend conferences
Bookster subscription
You will be part of a product company. You will contribute to developing end-to-end products that are delivered to Global OEMs.

On top of these we are offering:

A monthly budget which can be used for several different services on an online benefit platform
Annual bonus
Lunch discounts
Ready to work #LikeABosch?

We live by our values have an open feedback culture and there is plenty of room for innovative ideas. All because a team is only as valuable as its members.