As a Senior Survey Programmer you will be the expert in delivering projects based on client specifications time frames and within expected quality levels.

Responsibilities
Programming complex online questionnaires based on the materials provided by the client (this includes survey scripting managing languages reporting)
Cooperatively work with Project Managers to deliver projects meeting client needs within prescribed time frames
Adhere to ‘Right First Time’ policy for quality control
Assist other Survey Programmers when workload requires
Simultaneously manage multiple projects ensuring that all deadlines are met
Capable of working independently on projects and collaborating as a strong team member
Skills And Attributes
Knowledge of JavaScript and jQuery
Advanced knowledge of HTML/CSS
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Advanced English language skills
Attention to detail
Strong organizational and communication skills are required for client services
Must have the ability to prioritize and coordinate multiple projects for on time delivery
Committed to extended work hours when necessary to reach goals.
Experience
2+ years programming experience required in Confirmit Decipher IBM SPSS Dimensions SurveyMonkey
Experience working with MS Excel
We Offer (bonus Benefits)
Learning Management System available through the Intranet providing free access to nearly 500 online training modules and personal development programs
Medical benefits
Travel insurance with global coverage
Additional paid time off
Dynata is the world’s largest first-party data and insights platform. With a reach that encompasses 62 million consumers and business professionals globally and an extensive library of individual profile attributes collected through surveys Dynata is the cornerstone for precise trustworthy quality data. The company has built innovative data services and solutions around its robust first-party data offering to bring the voice of the customer to the entire marketing continuum – from strategy innovation and branding to advertising measurement and optimization. Dynata serves nearly 6000 market research media and advertising agencies publishers consulting and investment firms and corporate customers in North America South America Europe and Asia-Pacific. Learn more at www.dynata.com.

At Dynata we are committed to fostering an inclusive accessible environment where all employees and customers feel valued respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. Dynata welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. We are committed to an inclusive work culture for all our employees. Accommodations by request can be made for all aspects of the selection process.

For administrative purposes your personal data will be kept on record and will be disclosed and transferred both within and outside the European Economic Area including the United States of America. We shall take all reasonable steps to prevent any unauthorized access to your personal data.